Hannah asked Amanda for Betty's number, but Amanda couldn't find it. She suggested Hannah ask Larry, who called Betty last time they were at the park together. Hannah didn't know Larry well but Amanda encouraged her not to be shy and to text him instead.
Eric and Rob are discussing a Russian comedian named MACHINE. They both find it funny and think it shows how Americans see Russian culture. Eric will watch some of his stand-ups on YouTube. They end the conversation with "MACHINE!" and "TTYL."
Lenny asked Bob for help with choosing a pair of purple trousers. Bob suggested that Lenny should buy the first or the third pair since he already has four black pairs. Lenny agreed and sent him photos of the options. Bob advised Lenny to pick the best quality.
Will asked Emma what she wanted for dinner tonight, but she didn't want to worry about it since she wasn't hungry. Will offered to pick her up, but Emma declined and said she would tell him when she gets home. They said their goodbyes and expressed their love for each other.
Ollie reminds Jane to come to his party on the 19th. They plan to meet for lunch on Friday after Jane finishes her courses in Warsaw. Ollie asks Jane to bring some sun and pastries to the party. Jane is on her way.
Benjamin, Elliot, Daniel and Hilary will meet at the conference hall at 2 pm to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. They will go to La Cantina for Italian cuisine. Benjamin might pass by at lunchtime to take the keys and take a nap.
Max asks Payton for recommendations for good sites to buy clothes from. Payton suggests a lot of different sites, but she usually buys things from 2 or 3 of them. She likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks, but not always buying. She usually buys clothes and books.
Rita is tired at work and keeps falling asleep at her desk. Tina is tired too and keeps nodding off at her keyboard hoping that the boss doesn't notice. They both hate their work and Rita and Tina are not cut out for this level of boredom.
Beatrice is shopping and offers Leo a scarf in the shop next to the church, but Leo declines as he doesn't want one. Beatrice reminds him that he had a cold last winter and suggests that a scarf could help. Leo doesn't like scarves, but Beatrice doesn't care and offers him one anyway.
Eric doesn't know if he will come to Ivan's brother's wedding because he has a lot to do at home. Ivan offers to take care of his parents for him. Eric agrees to go to the wedding if Ivan tells him that he will be there.
Wanda and Gina are planning a party. Wanda needs to make a list first. She wants Gina to take her father's car to do groceries with her. Gina will ask her father if he'll agree. They plan to go on Friday, and Wanda will make the list.
Martin won two cinema tickets online on Facebook. He will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week. Aggie and Martin will find time to go to the cinema together after he has written a short review for the movie mag he won.
Charlee is in a class on theatre in Portuguese. She is preparing a performance of a Polish play translated into Portuguese. The writer of the play is Mrożek. Curtis thinks it's cool that Charlee is devising a play in Portugal.
Tom and Ella are going by car instead of train. Ella rented a car as it will make the journey faster. Mary thinks it's a good decision and praises Tom for making the right decision in the end.   ÂÂÂř.
Paul is looking for someone to join Netflix family. Luke is the one. Paul will send Luke login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holiday with his girlfriend for less than 8 days. Luke and Paul will talk tomorrow.
Greg asked Betsy to pick up Johnny from school, but she couldn't do it as she had to work long hours as well. Greg apologized and asked her to think of something else, but Betsy asked him to stop thinking about it and to talk to her later.
Ethan shared a photo of Scott with Toby and Marshall, and they all agreed that Scott looks exactly the same. They joked about Scott's appearance and made fun of him. Scott expressed his annoyance with them, but they continued to make fun of each other.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work due to his notice period. John advises him to do what he has to do as it's only two weeks left and he needs to focus on his work. John is typical of him and tells Igor to stop thinking and start doing.
Clara is watching Dear White People on Netflix. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a young black guy called Lionel who is coming to terms with being gay and finding his voice as a journalist.
Mike parked his car on Ernest's street, but he took it into the garage today. Someone crashed into a red Honda that looked like Mike's car. Mike is lucky to have his car in the garage, because someone crashed into his car looking just like it.
Beth asked her auntie Deirdre if she had any ideas for a girls weekend for her Mum's 40th birthday celebration. Beth wanted to try her hand at work experience in the salon as she's struggling with foundation papers. They agreed to meet with Maxine, who manages the beauty side of the salon, and try a few hours on a Saturday for a couple of weeks as work experience.
Gloria and Emma discuss the exam and how to prepare for it. Gloria shows Emma some texts from previous years and advises her to read all the texts carefully and correct during the last hour of the exam. Emma agrees to read everything from the website Gloria provided.
May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. She doesn't feel like doing anything, she's bored all the time, and she never feels happy. She also has trouble sleeping. Karen suggested May see a psychologist, but May isn't happy about it.
Anne found out that Mark lied to her that he was 30 years old, when in fact he was 40 years old. Irene was not happy to hear this news and asked if it was important, to which Anne confirmed that Mark had lied about his age.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Augustine, Darlene, Heather and Walker will buy him a paper shredder. They will ask him if he wants it at the party and if he says yes, they will get it. They are going to do it tomorrow.
Kelly doesn't want to go to a sculpture garden in Finnland. Ollie, Mickey and Jessica are going to a Nagoro village in Japan. It's similar to Kelly's place, but not as scary as Mickey's place. Jessica is never going there.
Myah sent Selah a photo of a phone number, but Selah couldn't see the phone number and suggested that Myah should rewrite it. Selah also mentioned that the phone of the person in the photo was off, and Myah sent another photo.
Eric and Bella discussed their boss's reaction to their decision to dismiss a request from a potential client. Their boss appreciated the decision and mentioned that he was looking forward to bringing in new clients which were their current client's competitor. They joked about it being a blessing in disguise.
Emma is at the bus stop where there are free seats so she can have a nap. Emma and Ben are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM. Emma asked Ben to wake her up at 4.15 PM and Ben agreed to do so.
Jesse, Lee, Melvin and Maxine are going to do something for the less fortunate this year. They're going to donate to the Refuge, a Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse. They will choose one list and chip in.
Mary asked Carter to lend her some boxes as she's broke. Carter agreed to lend them to her and asked for an hour since he's at the train station. Mary thanked him and said she'll give him an hour to get back to her in an hour.
Charlotte asked Paula how to pronounce 'Natal Lily', the name of the plant, which refers to the region of ZA and not to the word 'natal' as in 'his natal day'. Paula confirmed that the stress on the second syllable is on the first syllable.
Jack and May plan to have cocktails later. May is feeling a little stressed today, but Jack suggests a drink to help calm her down. They both agree to have at least one drink, maybe two, and plan to meet up later in the day. 
Margaret asked Jack to buy her a painkiller because she had a terrible headache. Jack suggested that she should rest, but Margaret didn't seem to understand what was going on and asked him to buy the painkiller. Jack agreed to do it for her.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. Andrei asks if he has his credit card with him as they have an outstanding bill to pay with the company. Serge confirms that he does, but doesn't have a lot of available credit on it.
Janice's son wants a hamster for his birthday. Martina doesn't want Janice to get him one because she got one for her son and it stank up the whole house. She advises Janice not to get one for his son. 
Daniel, Mary, and Lucas have all played DA Inquisition. Mary loves it to bits and is on team Dorian. Daniel has just started playing and is trying to get used to the mechanics. Lucas played DA II and found it to be better than DA 2.
Judy is attracted to jerks. Andrew just wanted to have sex with her. Bruce is sweet, but Judy doesn't feel the butterflies about him. Janice doesn't think he's a jerk, but she thinks he might be too sweet for Judy.
Riley tells James that Chloe is on TV, but James doesn't understand what she's doing. Riley explains that it's a show about women undergoing a metamorphosis, and James finds it amusing. Riley compliments Chloe's appearance and calls her "drop dead gorgeous."
Ala is on her way to a meeting in the Emirate. Tina is at the airport waiting for her flight back home. The Emirate staff looks amazing. Tina will let Ala know how the meeting went after she's in touch with her after the meeting.
It's been a year since Sebastian and his partner moved to a new place. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions and is learning how to be resourceful and responsible. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side. Kevin wants to win the lottery one day.
Frank asked his son if he would come home for the weekend, but he wasn't sure yet. Frank reminded him that his mother misses him and asked him to try to make it. Son agreed to come and Frank told him to tell his mother that he will come.
Ola is in Cuba and enjoying his trip. Momo has recovered from her injury and is frolicking again. Kate reminds Ola to get a new scarf for Momo. Ola shows Kate a picture of a scarf from Laos, but it turns out to be Ola's favorite scarf. Kate suggests Ola look for a similar scarf in a boutique shop, but Ola is hesitant due to the poor quality.
Mike asked Ann if she had new John's number, but Ann told him to ask Mary instead. Mike thanked Ann for her help and ended the conversation with a smiley face emoticon and a "thank you" to Ann and John's friend, Mary.
Joseph sent Ella a photo of baby cows to show her that Wujek Janek has a herd of tween cows. Ella found it cool and asked if she could touch them. Joseph apologized for calling them "Twin Cows" instead.
Josh accidentally took Stephen's notebook home. Jack found it and will bring it to Stephen tomorrow to give it back to him. Josh is okay with the situation and assures Stephen that he knows where the notebook is now.  ÂÂÂŝÂÂ
Adele got a new dog named Bones, a 4-month-old biscuit lab named Chewy. The cats seem to be indifferent to him, but Speedy wants to play with him. Adele had to wean her other dogs as they were too old to be accepted by other animals.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games. Kristian is choosing between Adidas or Nike. They are going to keep playing. They will watch some films and books together. When it's Kristian's turn to play, they will play some more games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's place and asked if she could pick them up at 10 pm tonight. Broke agreed and they said "okay" to see each other then ended the conversation with a brief exchange of "see ya" and "bye."
Petra is sleepy and can't stand how sleepy she is. Andy suggests that Petra should ask the fat woman from HR, who always repeats that she has a black belt in karate. Petra agrees to let her have whatever belt she wants. Ezra is working.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she's not that desperate. She's nice but not that hot. Nick will take it back and forget he ever wrote to her. Jane calls him a loser and Nick responds with a "fucking bitch."
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy and shared it with Nate and Julia, who were shocked to learn that Tim is gay. They questioned why he didn't tell them, but Julia didn't want to get involved as it's not her business. They agreed that it wasn't fair for them to be involved since they were his friends.
Lilly is going to be late and asks Gabriel to order food for her before she arrives. Gabriel agrees and suggests ordering something for Lilly to ensure she gets it as soon as possible. Lilly agrees and mentions that pasta with salmon and basil is always tasty there.
Cara asked Celine if she was at home, but Celine wasn't. She offered to drop by in the evening, but Cara declined and asked her to call her if she decides to come over. Celine agreed to call Cara later.
Craig asked Derek for help with his computer, which was not working. Derek agreed to help him in 20 minutes and told him to get to his car. Craig thanked him for his help and said he would be there in a few minutes. Derek said no problem.
Emma asked Abigail if she wanted to go for a walk with her kids, but she declined as the smog alert app showed that the air quality had been exceeded by 30%. Emma was concerned and decided to install the app to monitor the situation.
Paul asked Cindy what color flowers to get and she suggested either pink or red roses. Cindy was hesitant to get red roses as she didn't like the idea of yellow ones. Paul asked her to choose a specific color and type of flower, and Cindy agreed.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up from one of the cashiers at the shop whenever she comes to pick up the card from Mary's store. ÂÂÂ�ÂÂŝÂřÂœ
Gary reminds Lara to come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. Lara agrees to come and will pick up the cake and balloons. Gary has already paid for the cake. Tom will be back home at 5:30 pm and they will have enough time to prepare things.
Laura is waiting for Paul, but he's 15 minutes away. She's been waiting for him for 30 minutes. Paul apologizes, but Laura is not going to wait for him any more and wants to see him some other time. Paul is almost there.
Salma shared a video of the latest cat meme with Hugh, who can't get enough of them. Hugh also shared a photo of a cat meme, and Salma and Hugh responded with a similar response. They both found it amusing and shared similar reactions.
Matt, Oliver, and Peter didn't get into Stanford. Oliver and Peter are happy for them and encourage them not to give up. Peter has to look for other universities. Oliver reminds Peter to send his documents as soon as possible to avoid getting stuck in the queue.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English classes today because Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement. Vanessa asks if it's a big deal, but Jake confirms that it is, and Nadia confirms that they will have no classes.
Brandon lost his credit card and asked his friends if they could lend him $100, but Luke couldn't because he was broke. Ian offered to lend him some money, and Brandon thanked him gratefully for his help. Brandon blocked the card in the bank, but it will take time before he gets a new one.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia, Patrycja, and Alicja are going to have a group conversation to plan further Food Evenings. Inez sent a photo of her proposal for the next one and they plan to go to a new restaurant to explore world cuisines.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. Ana wants to visit her grandma tomorrow. Ana and Catherine wish each other good night and say good night to each other as they end the conversation with a "Oki" and a "Good night" respectively.
Joyce shared a cheap ticket link with Michael and Edson, who are both excited about it. Edson is already planning to book his ticket now, while Michael is excited about the cheap price as well. They all express their excitement and excitement about the ticket.
Steven and Jane will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5. They will try to make it in 3 hours since the road is new and Steven used to be able to go in 2 hours. Jane will wait for Steven at the entrance.
Morgan invited Suzanne to a Maroon 5 concert at Madison Square Garden as he has two tickets. Suzanne accepted and thanked Morgan for inviting her to the concert. Morgan expressed his love for her and asked her to take a break from work. They both expressed their love for each other.
Liam shared a file with Julia and asked if she had read it. Julia hadn't heard of it and thanked Liam for the information. Liam mentioned that the city library is organizing a meeting with Tess and suggested that Julia check it out on their facebook page.
Ali asked Mohammad to check if he left his wallet at his place yesterday. Mohammad checked his room and found it, so Ali asked him to bring it to uni tomorrow. Mohammad agreed to do so and Ali was relieved to hear that it had been found.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves their pasta and brownie. Linda doesn't eat sweets, but she will try the brownie at the Italian restaurant. She doesn't like the sweet brownie she is going to eat tonight.
Anna invited her friends to her birthday party on November 6th at 1930. Martin, Margot, and Mia accepted the invitation. Natalie expressed her excitement about something going on. Adam asked for confirmed data, but no information was provided at the time of Anna's invitation.
Mia asked Elliot if she could go out after work and he agreed to go with her for a girls night out. They planned to grab drinks and have a nice time outside of work. Elliot offered to pick Mia up if she needed it and asked her not to be too late.
Brennan and Jayden discuss the idea of men waiting for children while women suffer. Jayden doesn't want kids and wishes he could have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life. He hopes to have children in the future when he has a good job and is financially independent.
Steve tells Gulab that USA won last night and that England will play Croatia tomorrow at 2:00. Gulab forgot to check but confirms with Steve that it's Croatia. Steve confirms the news and Gulab confirms that he forgot to do so as well.
John asked Ela to give him his walle outside since he forgot it, but Ela was busy talking to her mom. John asked her to keep her phone free since he was running late. Ela agreed to keep it free and John agreed to give it to her.
Mary asked Mark if he told his sister that she is doing an online job because she keeps saying she's good for nothing. Mark was feeling proud and wanted to show off. Mary doesn't care and doesn't want to prove anything to anyone. Her sister is asking everyone and trying to contact the people she works for.
Fiona asked Tina to help her prepare a tart for dinner for Chris, and Tina agreed to do it. Fiona tried to make the filling once, but ended up with scrambled eggs. Tina assured her that it's not difficult and that the crust is ready.
Peadar asked if anyone was coming for a drink later, but Clare wasn't in town and Annette was sick. James invited them to Jesus bar, but Anne had already booked herself in. Oli cycled around the bar but couldn't find anyone, so he went to the bar instead.
Ryan and Sebastian express their concern about the situation in Ukraine and express their hope that the leaders of their countries will react to the situation. They express their frustration with the situation and express concern that the situation will not end well in the long run. They both express their disappointment.
Zadie and Finn are planning to go to a Latin American neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. Finn will meet Zadie at the main entrance at 2 o'clock at unspecified main entrance. They plan to visit various places in the shopping centre. They will call each other if they get lost.
Harry asked Jacob if he had listened to the song he sent him 3 days ago, but Jacob forgot and said he would do it later that night. Harry was curious and asked Jacob what he thought about it. Jacob said he was busy and would let Harry know later.
Someone locked Max's door from outside. Ray asked Max to let him out, but Max couldn't do it because he was out of the room. Ray had to go to the bathroom. Max asked his roommates to open the door for him, and one of them did.
Kim asked Harry what kind of gift he wanted to get for his mom, but Harry didn't need a gift for himself. Harry asked Kim to tell his mom that he just bought a new sofa and needs pillows, and suggested a grey colour. Kim thanked Harry for the information.
Josh asked Brian for recommendations for an iPad. Brian suggested Samsung, Xiaomi, or Sony depending on Josh's budget. Josh chose Samsung and Brian offered to get it cheaper for him. Josh agreed to call Brian after work to make a final decision on the iPad purchase. 
Olafur, Nathalie, and Zoe are planning a New Year's Eve party. Olafur is not interested in going to the opera, so they will go to a club called Breakfast at Tiffany's in Soho instead. They need to buy tickets soon.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a small quiz tomorrow. He will study for it tomorrow. Frank doesn't want him to wake up on time for that quiz. Andy doesn't like that Frank is not his dad, so he's not going to wake him up.
Kim is looking for fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot suggests trying the marketplace at Polna street and restaurants' menus. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion, but it's a surprise and she won't give away any details. Kim is happy for Margot.
Tom and Ben are going to meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will bring his papers and remember to take no prisoners and shoot to kill. They have to win this battle and Tom assures him that justice is on their side, and they will.
Ashleigh and Peter are going to the cinema. Ashleigh got a new job and is excited about it. Peter and Ashleigh are sending each other gifs and emojis to express their excitement about the new job. They are excited to see each other.
Reed and Danna discussed their weekend. Danna found it boring and frustrated because she couldn't find any friends to hang out with. Reed doesn't have a TV subscription and is in bed, so he can't watch TV either. Reed is off work tomorrow.
Alivia is struggling with writing her thesis. Antonio advises her to stop thinking about it too much and just write it down and edit it later. Alivia thanks Antonio for his concern and reassures him that things will get better once she gets past the initial difficulty.
Maddie is in Asda and asked John if he needs anything. John asked for white bread and apples, and Maddie agreed to get them for him. John thanked her and asked for a Gala, to which Maddie replied "yes please."
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague Brad, who had liver cancer. Elliot will call Jordan tonight at 8 pm to check on him and offer his condolences and check on his well-being. Jordan will call Elliot back in about 2 hours after the funeral.
Flo can't go to the salon until the 6th because they're too busy. Gina suggests getting her a touch-up kit at Tesco and Flo agrees to do it. They joke that Flo is going to be gray and will have to wait until then.
Rob asked Ann to pick up her phone because he was at the grocery store and asked if they needed food. Ann couldn't because of a meeting, but offered to bring some fruit and vegetables. They agreed to get cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples, and whatever else Rob needed.
Melany doesn't remember when she got laid. Marvin jokes that there must be lots of cobwebs between Melany's legs now because she doesn't seem to have had any sex recently.  Marvin jokes that Melany must have a lot of "cobwebs" between her legs now.
Eric sent Samantha and Noah a video of their favorite professor talking about a recent scandal on the news. Noah joked that he was the smartest person alive and predicted that it would happen. Samantha found it amusing and didn't need to open the video to join in.
Jacky agrees with David that he was right yesterday about taking the blame and they plan to talk later. Jacky will call David when she gets home to discuss it with him when she's at home. David is usually right about most things, so he agrees to talk to Jacky later.
Rick is in Cancun for the last two days before flying to Havana. Chris is still in front of the box. Chris and Rick will skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time. Chris will give his love to Helen tomorrow. Chris wants to talk to Helen.
Ying shared a photo of her 10-year challenge challenge with Helen, Helen, Norma, and Zazu, who all commented on how impressed they were with the photo and Ying responded with a smiley face and a "dude" comment.
Missy gets out of work at 6 pm. She will meet with Daniel for drinks after dinner and they plan to go to a bar afterwards. Daniel is okay with this plan.  ÂÂÂřÂÂ. Âœ
Pete asked Adelle to clean the hamster cage, but Adelle didn't clean it. Pete reminded her to clean it after school, and Adelle agreed to do it that day, so she doesn't have any more excuses to skip the task.
Randolph asked Maya to buy earplugs for him at the pharmacy. Maya agreed to buy him 4 or 5 pairs of earphones, and offered to get him 5 pairs. Randolph thanked her for the offer and wished her a happy Valentine's Day. 
David is coming home for Christmas next week. David will order an ipad for his dad and have it shipped home to Jane. He will let her know when he'll arrive once his travel arrangements are set up. Jane is grateful for David's help. 
Isabella and Betty talked about Betty's work yesterday and Isabella invited her to do something together. Betty thanked her for sharing her work with Isabella and they both expressed their appreciation for each other's work and expressed their gratitude for the opportunity to work together.
Hollie asked Amy how she was doing, but Amy replied that she was working and will get back to her later. Hollie acknowledged the message and said that it was good to hear from her. They said their goodbyes and ended the conversation.
Huda invited Alex to go swimming with her in 2 hours. Alex agreed to join her and they agreed to meet at the swimming pool. They said their goodbyes and wished each other good luck before ending the conversation with a "see you later" message.
Donald Trump didn't attend the inauguration ceremony because he didn't want to mess up his pity full comb-over. Janet expressed her disgust at Trump's behavior, while others called him selfish and inconsiderate. Eric suggested kicking him to the curb. Leslie called him out for not listening to his adviser. Sue was worried about his orange hair color.
Rashi is confused about his career options. Teacher advises him to choose a career based on what truly interests him and that passion for what he does drives success. Rashi asks about earnings and how to balance duties and success. Teacher suggests that Rashi should earn and learn instead.
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school to the department in charge of school violence. Dimitri offers to help his friend who is a victim of the violence, but Corbin is worried about his own safety. He gives Dimitri his phone number.
Marta asks Joel if he knows a good technician who can fix PCs. Joel doesn't, but suggests asking Cynthia or Elena, who might know someone. Marta agrees to ask them and will try to find someone to fix the PC for her as soon as possible.
Ann is planning a surprise birthday party for her dad who is turning 50 years old. She doesn't know what to do since he doesn't like military movies and is afraid of heights. Fiona suggests something on the ground like bungee jumping, racing, horse riding, or paintball, but Ann is unsure how her mom will react.
Fatima is worried about Jenson and Alene's relationship. Jenson thinks Alene may have depression, but she won't go to the doctor. Fatima and Lincoln don't understand why Alene won't talk to Jenson about it. They both blame each other.
Lisa asked Bob to help her clean the house because it was dirty. Bob agreed to clean the bathroom, but Lisa asked him to do the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet. Bob didn't want to do it as it was a lot of work.
Luke, Martial and Jose will let Jose know that they will be available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet up at carrington and go to Jose's office early in the morning to inform him that they are ready to play despite their injuries. They agree to go together.
Julie and Emily exchanged Christmas greetings and exchanged photos. Emily expressed her love for Julie and sent her lots of kisses. Julie thanked her and wished her a Merry Christmas and a happy and peaceful year. They both thanked each other and shared photos of each other.
Frederick asked Ricky about his new neighbors, but Ricky didn't like them because they were noisy and had a parakeet that wouldn't stop squawking all night long. Frederick sympathized with Ricky and said it was sad to have to live with them.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory 25 years ago. Brenda moved away from Brum in the late 90s and now lives in Stoke. Sandra still lives in Kings Norton with her husband and has 4 grandchildren. Brenda has only one grandchild and her husband passed away 5 years ago, and she has a 7-year-old grandchild. Brenda and Sandra will meet up next Saturday in Birmingham for lunch and a trip down memory lane.
John invited Joan to go see "A Star is Born" on Wednesday, but she couldn't make it due to being too busy. They agreed to go on Thursday instead and agreed to meet at 8 pm around 8 pm. John will send Joan the details.
George asked Donna to meet and discuss a delicate matter with him in a coffee shop. Donna asked if he had caught AIDS, but George didn't think so. They agreed to meet at George's place instead, and Donna agreed to come over to his place tonight.
Fabian and Louis will see each other soon. Louis has to go because his mom is calling him, and Fabian agrees to see him later.  Louis thanks Fabian and they say their goodbyes and end the conversation with a "see you later."
Irene is going shopping with her little boy, who got so big that he doesn't fit his clothes anymore. She wants to take him shopping and also promises to buy him something. Crystal agrees to let her go shopping with the little boy since she was always a bore when shopping.
Tony shared a photo of his cat with his friends, who all commented on how cute it is. Lucas called it "adorable" and Amy expressed her love for the cat in the comment section of the photo, while Lucas also expressed his admiration for it.
Matt got a ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. Thomas and Matt will see each other there. Matt might ask a few more people if they're coming. Thomas will ask Maria if she's interested in going with him, but he's not sure yet.
Chris and his friends pushed some girls into the pool and got them to undress because they were soaking wet. June didn't find it nice, but Chris defended himself by saying that they got them undressed. June called Chris "awful" for his behavior.
Jeff, Lia, Mico, Jeff and Jim are going to a village party. Lia is too tired after hiking. Mico wants to go to the party, but Lia is not interested. Jeff and Jeff will join Mico and Jim at the party.
Matthew asked Paul if he found anyone to couch the game on Saturday, but Paul offered to do it for him since his plans changed. Matthew agreed and they agreed to meet on Saturday to discuss the couching arrangements. Paul thanked Matthew for his offer and they said goodbye.
Luke's train arrives at 3 pm. Jacob is at work till 5 pm. Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15 pm. Luke will wait for him and thank Freddy for his offer to pick him up as he will be waiting for him on the train.
Jack is going to the casting. He will meet Ryan at the casting and ask him to dance with him. Ryan agrees to go with him, and they plan to meet at the location later that day. They are excited to meet each other at the audition.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. Her dad left her mom for his secretary. Evelyn offers to bring Joanne's mom over for Christmas.
Raul had a bad night last night and today morning. He started off with a fag and had weird dreams of his uncle. He doesn't know what triggered him off. Jen went to a friend yesterday and stayed for the night, but Raul couldn't sleep.
Ms. Quinn signed Angie up for an appointment with a private doctor. Angie has severe stomach pain that started an hour ago and she took some pills, but they didn't help. Ms. Quinn will direct Angie to Doctor McCormick who will see her in an hour.
Kelvin, Naheeda, and the other class members will decide when to sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class, as they will be having the statistics CAT. Kelvin will talk to the other members of the class before making a final decision.
Linda, Ronnie, Karen and Amanda are going to have pasta for lunch instead of sushi. They will wait for Amanda to check her Facebook status before deciding on a place to go to lunch with her. They are all down with the idea of taking takeout boxes to the park.
Marty asked Christine to pick up Marcel from school as he has sprained his ankle. Christine offered to take him to the doctor, but Marty declined as it would leave them in trouble with the kids. They decided to have pizza night instead and Christine agreed to take Marcel in the morning for the doctor's appointment.
Peyton asked Cameron to bring a video game for him, but Cameron couldn't make it due to being out of town for another week. Peyton suggested that Cameron should deliver the game through a courier instead. Cameron apologized and promised to get the job done soon.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow. She will let Willyx know how it went after she tells him how it's going to go. Willyx apologizes for asking about her job interview, but Alicja assures him that everything is going to be fine.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment and will schedule a new one. Emma will be home after midnight and Paul offered to prepare some food for her. Emma accepted the offer and said she would be happy to have some food from Paul's house. They exchanged pleasantries.
Sean overslept and apologized to Sam for it. Sam was surprised and asked if it was the second time in a day. Sean confirmed that it was and said he was sorry for oversleeping, to which Sam responded with a simple "yes" or "no."
Chris invited Tom and his brother to go to a jacuzzi in his garden. They discussed the size of the garden and the possibility of inviting someone else or just their little group. They joked about watching TV outside and using the living room's WiFi.
Harry asked Cindy to call Ela urgently and tell her that he needs to talk to her urgently. Cindy agreed to use a messenger service to do so. Harry thanked her and asked her to tell Ela that he needed to talk urgently, and Cindy agreed.
Mike didn't have time to take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him on his next trip to the park. Adam asked Mike if he took the dog on a walk, but Mike said he wasn't able to do so due to time constraints.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon. He doesn't know the exact time, but it's likely to be around the same time. Sophie asks Murphy when he's going and he tells her it's on Tuesday.
Gaia is doing well at the university. She has 6 exams this term, but only one of them is really hard. Monica asked her how she was doing and she replied that she's fine and has a lot of work, but it's all good.
Ms. Blair and Mr. Williams will meet for coffee at Ms. Blair's favourite coffee place near the square in a side alley at 2 p.m. to go for a cup of coffee. They will meet at the coffee place in the side alley.
Jeff hasn't been to the doctor lately. His skin condition is fine. Tina has the same skin condition and takes meds on the daily. Jeff doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina must have a different skin condition. Jeff will tell Tina to call him if she has any questions.
Kristina, Jannette and Estefania are watching America's top model on TV. They are excited about the new season of Tyra Banks and joke about how they want to look like her. They share a photo of a model they both admire.
Daniel is flying to Bologna accidentally and will stay only 2 hours at the airport. Simone may come in December for a weekend and Marco is happy to host her. Simone will let Marco know if she's coming in December as he always tells her to.
Mike apologized for not being able to talk right now and promised to call Dale back in 2 hours. Dale accepted the apology and said he will wait until then until Mike can talk to him in a few minutes. They said their goodbyes and ended the conversation.
Timmy had a bad day at work and his boss snapped at him. Gemma invited him to her bbq at the weekend, and he agreed to come. He will bring some wine and Gemma will cover the food. They don't know how many people will come.
Pat is running late due to a work project and will arrive at Bart's around 9 pm. Bart offers to unlock the door and walk Pat around the city while he works from home in the morning. Pat thanks him and they plan to see each other tomorrow.
Ashley is at the camp. Ashley and Erin will meet at the pool or restaurant today. Ashley is sitting in the back of the restaurant. The wifi in the restaurant area is decent, but it's less spotty than in the rest of the area.
Maria, Kate, Tommy, Sam, and Tommy are preparing for the conference. Tommy is preparing a power point and paying for it with a prezi, which costs $10 a month for academics. Tommy thinks they will have a good panel and good audience.
Maxwell and Jeanice discuss Marcus' behavior at school. Marcus got into an argument with a friend and became aggressive towards a teacher. They plan to meet up for coffee to discuss Marcus and his behavior. Jeanice will let Maxwell know if they can meet up.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer now, and they agree to meet up with Tom, Mike and Ben to go for a drink. They will meet at Tom's place in a few minutes. They are going to meet with Ben and Tom.
Leah met a creepy guy at a poetry reading last night. He introduced himself and started talking to her. He mentioned that they had something in common because they both speak German. He asked Leah about an event she attended and named all of her friends. Leah didn't tell him about it and he wentogled her out, thinking she had a crush on him. He tried to walk her home.
Nicky is not at Sam's place, because her phone is off and she just left. Dave thanks Sam for letting him know that Nicky is not still at his place, and Sam agrees to let him know when Nicky arrives at Dave's place.
Ken confronts Greg about his account being hacked and demands his money back. Greg denies that his account was hacked and accuses Ken of being a prankster. Ken denies it and says he's just having a laugh at Greg's expense. Greg responds with an expletive-filled insult.
Alexander asked Tom to send him a message when he will be in a taxi and asked him to call him if there is any problem. Tom agreed and Alexander sent him a taxi confirmation and a photo of the taxi confirmation. Tom thanked Alexander for the transport and said they arrived safely, but without luggage.
The university organized a carnival party for children. There are bouncy castles, bouncy dragons, and a huge bouncy dragon in the hall. Shane heard about it in the dean's office. Asher and Shane both think it's cool and excited.
Ian asks Sophie where his green folder is, but she doesn't know. Ian was sure he left it on the dining room table, but Sophie suggests that Alex might have put it there. Ian thanks her and asks her to ask Alex about it, to which she agrees.
Simon will be free at 5. Adrian will see him then. Simon is not able to talk much at the moment, but he will try to talk to Adrian at the same time as he will meet him at 5 o'clock tomorrow afternoon.   
Jen is fed up with her partner and wants him to move out. He owes her money and refuses to give it back. Jane advises her to cut her losses and move on. Jen is afraid to ask him to leave because she doesn't want to cause another fight.
Dean asked Poppy what to have for dinner, but she wasn't preparing anything. She suggested he grab something on the way back home since she won't be home tonight. They said goodbye and Poppy said she would see Dean tomorrow. They joked about where Poppy was going and kept it a secret.
Gab wants to meet up for a drink with Kat, but Kat is too busy at the moment. Kat doesn't want to meet strange men from the internet as she's not that sort of girl. Gab would like to meet Kat in real life, but it would be nicer to do it next to her.
Agatha is preparing a presentation for her economics course. Adam asks if it's interesting, and Agatha confirms that she used recent research. Adam comments that it sounds like Agatha knows what she's doing, to which Agatha responds that she's just really into economics.
Tim and Sally are going to see Imagine Dragons at the ABC Theatre on 12 July. Sally has already bought the tickets for the standing area, which cost 70. Tim is excited to go and wants to put it in his diary, but Sally is not so sure.
Andrew asked Bez if he could take his car to Krizingen for a brake fluid check, but it turned out to be a display error. Kate checked the car today and everything was fine. Bez is in a hotel now and using a "phone credit". The car passed general inspection only in June, so he usually goes to a garage in Crinch, but he doesn't need to go there as long as it shows no more alarms.
Keith asked Laura when she plans to visit her parents, but she hasn't decided yet as she's been busy with a big project. Keith teased her about studying too much, but Laura reminded him that she takes studying seriously. They agreed to meet up next Saturday and Keith offered to cook lasagne for her.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited Pegah to a party and asked if she could come over. Pegah is in class till 15:00, then she works from 17:00 till about 21:30. She will be a zombie all week.
Pam asked Robert to help with Tom's birthday celebration and asked him to pick up balloons from a store in the city centre. Robert agreed to help and sent Pam the address to the store. Pam thanked him for his help and wished him a happy birthday.
Shelly is volunteering at a food shelter this year. Jody does charity work every year. Tracy is not interested in volunteering, but Jody will do some charity work for Christmas this year as he does it every year and does it for his Gr8 charity.
Max shared his latest music project with Jim, who will listen to it when he gets home. Jim will let Max know what he thinks of it later. Max is not a famous music producer, but he knows he will never be a successful music producer. 
Kane recommended Shannon to check out the new 30 seconds to mars album. Shannon thanked Kane for the recommendation and agreed to listen to the album.   ÂÂÂŝÂÂȝÂřÂŚÂÂ’’
Andy invited Paul over for coffee and they agreed to meet up in an hour. Paul invited Andy to discuss political cases with him, but Andy declined as he doesn't want to argue about politics with Hannah's father anymore. They said their goodbyes and wished each other well.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again. Megan thinks it was Ross or Chandler who said it. Caroline responds with a gif and sends a "Bravo" to Megan and the others. ÂÂÂřÂœ
Ron asked Josh to check his email and sent him a list of things he wants. Josh asked what it was and Ron replied that it was something he wanted to have. They both laughed and called each other "Ron" and "Josh" in a playful manner.
Phoebe can't go out today because her mother is still angry because she used her mother's perfume and broke it. Phoebe explains that the perfume was expensive and broke, and that their whole house stinks because of it. Phil finds it funny.
Eve and Rob will meet up on Sunday to go shopping. Rob doesn't know what time stores are open yet. Eve has some things to do around 3 pm and Rob agrees to meet up with Eve on Sunday instead of in the morning due to work.
Betty and Sandra are discussing a guy who takes good care of his animals. Sandra's ex-boyfriend recently broke up with her and she's thinking of getting back together with him. Betty offers to visit Sandra at her place at 6 and bring the wine.
Anna and Peter are discussing an app that allows you to add photos of clothes to a wardrobe and add as many items as you want. They play a game about how many pairs of trousers, shirts, and jackets Peter has, and how many shirts he has.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis, but it's not working any more and it hurts. He's quite swollen, but nothing compared to yesterday, when he was even more swollen. Pete and Hulk find it amusing, and Pete thanks Jesus for his help.
Archie is travelling to Judah's place around midnight and will arrive by bus. He will call Judah on the phone if he happens to be dead by the time he arrives, as he will be taking an hour or so to get to his place from Southampton.
Biwott asked Chloe if she had watched the series he told her about, but she hadn't watched it yet as she had been busy this week. Chloe said she will watch it during the weekend and Biwott responded with a smiley face emoji.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo of a bird above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of tattoo artists who do it. Nelly doesn't want to get one as she's afraid of pain. Lauren is not sure if she wants a tattoo yet.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. She hasn't flushed tampons or pads down there. Wendy and David don't think they can afford to pay the plumber this month. They will wait until next paycheck to fix the toilet themselves. 
Kaylen asked Rowen about left-hand traffic in his country, and he confirmed that they drive on the left. Kaylen sent him a photo of herself and he complimented her on her appearance. She thanked him and joked that she wouldn't be able to drive there without him.
Tom wants to go to a piece of land in the middle of nowhere. Jonathan and Jonathan find it insane, but Tom loves insane things. Kit thinks it's amazing and wonders if it's the real Robinson Crusoe's island, which Tom confirms it seems to be.
Emely asked Titus to help her with a difficult task. She sent him a photo of the task and asked him to fill in the gaps with 10 sentences. Titus couldn't read it, but he agreed to help since he could see it on his phone.
Marco will print and read Aldo's article. It took him weeks to finish it. It's 12 pages long. Marco will print it and read it right now. Marco got his email from Aldo and will read it after reading it right away. 
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. He hasn't seen her for a few months and she lives in Michigan. He's not sure what happened yet, but he's thinking the worst. His mom is calling and he needs to go now. Lena wishes him a speedy recovery.
Hannah and Brooklyn exchanged New Year's resolutions for 2019. Hannah wants to lose weight, exercise, learn to cook, start meal prepping, and find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't want to make any new year's resolutions because he doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor asked Richard for advice on how to break up with Abigail's father, who is a church pastor. He was caught having sex with her while they were in her bedroom without condoms. He planned to pull out at the last minute, but was interrupted by her father.
Julia and Gail talk about their social media habits. Julia likes looking at photos of her friends and sharing stuff with them. Gail likes to spy on people and reveals that Jessica is thinking about going on a diet. They also talk about how Jessica posts a lot of fitness-related stuff but doesn't do anything in real life. They both agree that Hillary thinks Julia overuses social media.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating. She wants to take Tom away from Anne. Miranda is not Tom's type. Anne and Catherine hate Miranda, and Nora doesn't know who she is, but they all hate her. 
Ella asked her family to confirm their attendance and dietary requirements for a catering company through a link. Barbara and Eva agreed to do so, and Barbara also confirmed that she had booked a place for her mom as well. Ella thanked them for their cooperation.
Sarah will arrive in New York on Thursday. Joshua is waiting for her gift. Joshua and Sarah will see each other on Thursday and wish each other a good time before they meet up in person later that day. They will exchange greetings and make plans to catch up.
Allison tells her friends Maya and Sarah that she got a scholarship, which is the highest possible rank she could get. Her friends congratulate her and ask when they can celebrate, to which Allison responds with a smiley face emoji and thanks them for their support.
Sam is at work until 5 pm. He will bring him over to Abdellilah's place in the morning. They will meet at around 9 pm, so that they can catch up with each other then.   ÂÂÂ€ÂÂ
Betty and Phil are going to see a thriller at the cinema tonight. They will meet at 6.30 pm near the theatre. Betty will cook dinner and they will go for a walk before the movie and then have dinner at home. Phil will book tickets on the cinema website.
Robert is looking for a new job as he was laid off by the Swedish company. Serge offers to send him a CV to a Belgian guy who is considering opening a new factory in the area. Robert asks Serge to cancel his phone number that starts with 713.
Lily tells Kate that she had an amazing night with a guy named Thomas, who is from a rich family and works at the LSE in London. She had expected him to be boring and mediocre, but he turned out to be more interesting than she expected.
Sam is looking for a dress for his wife. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. Sam wants something different for her. Sam will order a dress from Sarah fashion. Sam's product number is 898998 now you can order on the website with this product number.
Kamden asks Mckinley to let him have a look at his photos on Facebook, but he doesn't want to spend any time on it since he's not big on social media use. They joke about it and Kamden mentions that he uses chat on Facebook to keep up with friends.
Mike is going to the gym after work and then home. Jason will come over later and they will play Destiny 2 on the ps4. Mike will bring his food and Jason will eat at home and come over to play the game with him after work. 
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. Daisy is going on vacation. Linda and Daisy will meet up before she leaves. Daisy will help Linda pack and they will go to the apartment where Linda's brother is going to live after she gets a new job.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and needs to decide what studies to choose. He's interested in African studies, but he doesn't know what he can do in the future to make good money. He was thinking about working as a flight attendant, but doesn't think it's a great job since he can't work there forever.
Alan shows Robert and Rob a photo of a new product he found that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. Robert finds it nasty, but Alan thinks it's awesome and finds a perfect company for it. Robert asks if the whiskey goes well with the cinnamon, and Alan confirms that it does. They both agree that the cinnamon doesn't overpower the whiskey.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick Mary up at 6 pm. Mary doesn't want to go, but she has been bad lately. Yaz and Mary will see each other at the club. They will meet with their old cookery teacher.
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university, but Camille is sick. Ellie asks where they are having their classes and Aaliyah tells her that they are on the second floor. Ellie expresses sympathy for Camille's illness and asks where their classes are now.
Nathan sent Aaron a video of a woman having a spiritual moment with her cat. Aaron and Nathan found it hilarious and sent it to Dan, who sent it over. They both found it to be amusing and ended the conversation with a series of GIFs.
William has been in a rush for 20 minutes and hasn't come back yet. Emma is impatiently waiting for him and reminds him to hurry up. William assures her that he will be back in 5 minutes, and Emma jokes that they can't wait any longer.
Jake booked 3 tickets for tomorrow at 7 pm and got a 30% discount on them. Bob asked if they had reserved the tickets, and Melanie confirmed that Jake had promised to do so. Jake confirmed that he did reserve the tickets and received a workplace discount.
Freddie, Kelly, Kelly and Jim are watching Mad Men and The Crown on Netflix. Freddie suggests they try Outlander or The Tudors in the meantime. Jim is watching I, Zombie. Bob is watching Grimm or Sabrina. Mary is watching Pretty Little Liars or Gossip Girl. Mary's favourite TV show is Desperate Housewives. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Toni and his friends went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed in an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. Sonia and her friends are planning to go there in a month or so. They checked some hostels but they were too expensive. Toni recommends an old basque lady who rents a room in the apartment.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the paleo and keto diets together. They will also go for runs together. Samantha will read more about the keto diet and will text Malik back later with more information. They are both excited about the idea.
It's been a long day for Derek, Phil and Cynthia. Derek closed some deals but had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deals. Phil is annoyed that some customers are negotiating for days or weeks and then pull out. Cynthia wants to compare offers.
People are photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks. He looks like a typical young man from a 19th-century portrait. He reads Rimbaud's poems and drinks absinthe on a daily basis. It's so accurate.
Peter has been busy with work and working out to improve his health. He does weights and runs on the treadmill at the gym near his office. Lisa is considering working out and eating better to stay in shape. She also needs to get enough sleep to stay healthy.
Julia broke Tom's cup and offered to buy him a new one. Tom expressed his disappointment and suggested that Julia may have been drugged up, but Julia told him not to make a fuss and not to cause a drama. Tom was still looking for his cup.
Don and Hank are discussing the CSS tests for hockey players. Don hasn't registered in the system yet, so he's not sure if he has to fill out all the fields. It's strange that they're incorporating professional tests for little leaguers. The tests are supposed to last from 5-8 pm. Hank will bring Oscar and Roger back. Don will take his kid.
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table, six chairs, a vase, and a pile of clothes for 70 euros. Raphael and Frank complimented the items and asked for pictures. Jessica sent pictures of the items, including a beautiful oak table and a black dress.
It's Sundaay. Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Damien will put on a coat and tie to show respect to God and others. Damien is glad Sunday is only once a week and hopes God doesn't hear the conversation.
Lucian asked Desiree to keep her pasta in the microwave as he hasn't cooked anything. Desiree asked if they were both at home, but Lucian replied that he had just received a message from Desiree and didn't know why he asked about it.
Doug complimented Jeni's shoes and jokingly said they were "sweet." Jeni responded with jealousy, but Doug responded with a playful remark that he was going to be "fly" in the shoes and expressed excitement about being able to wear them.
Tessa asked Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend, Jim Andrews, because she saw the messages she sent him. Chloe and Jim Andrews work together and they have to communicate. Tessa doesn't want Chloe to text Jim Andrews as she thinks he's taken. 
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink at Pub X at the central station at 5.30 pm. Kate may be there closer to 6 pm due to traffic on her way, so they will meet at 5:30 pm instead of 5.
Anne and Jane went to La Perle with Jane and Ella. They ordered a cheesecake, but Jane is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite due to the crushed nuts in the crust. They ended up in the ER and Jane is now feeling better.
Tiffany asked Railey to buy her a burger on her way home and she agreed to do so. Tiffany thanked Railey for the offer and wished her a good time, to which Railey reciprocated with a smiley face and a "thx."
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go shopping with her, but Ariana agrees to go with her to buy some shopping items.  ÂÂÂřÂŝ ÂœAriana and Aviana will go shopping together.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his Halloween costume today, so he will join them there. Jane will go with Connor and will send him a private message to let him know she is going with him as well. 
Mary didn't go to school today because she stayed at home. Her friend, Alice, congratulated her on not going to school and wished her a good day. Mary thanked her and said she was lucky to be able to stay at home instead of attending school.
Tom, Jeffrey and Elena are standing a few meters away from each other, but they can't seem to see each other. Elena reminds Tom to wear his red jacket, but Tom and Jeffrey can't see him either. They joke around and laugh a bit.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for kissing him, but Mason still wants to see a kiss photo. Sophia doesn't want Mason to see her when she doesn't look good. Mason still loves Sophia no matter what she looks like. Sophia sends Mason a kissing photo.
Steffen asked if there was room in any cars going to the infinity pool since he twisted his leg yesterday. Irene offered to give him a lift, but he didn't think his car could make it all the way up the hill, so he decided to park at the bottom and hike up. Dan suggested that Mr. Budd might be able to make it, but Luke asked about the road conditions up there. Ben confirmed that it was called Vistas de olas.
Jake, Florence, Margot, and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini. The country changed its name last year and it can be harsh in Swaziland now. Mike is considering applying too, but Jake reminds him to prepare for basic knowledge before the trip.
Christine is sick with a blocked nose, sore throat, and tired. Annie will drop off some Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on. Christine doesn't want Annie to call in, but she might catch a cold from her.
Bob confronts Jill about calling his girlfriend and sending her their pictures, but Jill denies it and says it's just because she hates him and doesn't want him to be happy. Bob accuses her of trying to get back at him and she denies it. They exchange insults before ending the conversation.
Peter starts his new job at 8 on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter then. Peter wanted Aggie to get a free babysitter, so she agreed to babysit for him at 8 pm on the day of Peter's new job start.
Aimee asked Soren if he knew where Maryam was, but Soren didn't. Aimee tried his number and went to Maryam's home, but she wasn't there. Soren suggested that Maryam might have gone somewhere with his father.
George invited his friends to go play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Robert and Yousuf accepted, while Paul agreed to come half an hour later to help his sister with her car. They all agreed to play basketball and bring beers to the game.
Rory asked Mitch if he could take Bill and Sammy to an International camp in Croatia. Mitch agreed to go, and Rory offered to chip in for gas. They agreed to put Bill on a Flixbus and he will arrive around 10 am on Sunday, the 29th. Joanna will pick him up.
Jones and Angelina plan to meet up later in the afternoon in town. Jones will call Angelina to confirm where they will meet, and they both seem to be in good moods and happy to be together. They exchange pleasantries and say their goodbyes.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem. Alyssa thinks she does a great job, but Derek thinks it's not normal. Derek can fart better than she sings, but it's funny in a good way and Derek finds it amusing.
Pam asked Lauren if she still needs her for tomorrow and Lauren agreed. Pam will let Lauren know if there are any more rota changes in the morning. Lauren had a good holiday and will tell Pam all about it tomorrow. Pam looks forward to it.
Harriette and her friends went ghost hunting in a run-down building in high school. They didn't see any ghosts, but Harriette found the atmosphere creepy and overreacted to unexpected things. She doesn't regret going ghost hunting, but she wouldn't do it alone.
Jack asked Kev for help because he couldn't get an application running on his computer. Kev offered to help him and assured him that he will be there right away. Jack found the situation serious and joked about it, but Kev acknowledged that it was serious and offered his help.
Dan apologizes to Angela for his behavior and offers to explain everything to her if she agrees to meet up with him at school later. Angela is hesitant to trust him at first, but eventually agrees to do so after he shows her why she should trust him.
Shaldona and her partner are getting married. Shaldona sent her wedding invitation through Messenger. She didn't have enough time to meet everyone and give the invitation card in person. She doesn't want to be greedy and expects people to come to her wedding.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour and agree to meet with him in the meeting place Paula suggested to Paula and Ralph. Paula agreed to the meeting time and Ralph agreed to meet up with Paula in that time frame as well. 
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland together. Jan wants to take a boy with them, but Ania thinks it's inappropriate and suggests finding other friends to go with them.
Ema is running late. Harry is waiting for her outside. The movie has already started. Emma will be there in 2 minutes, but Harry complains that it's taking her too long to get ready. Harry expresses frustration that she's taking longer than expected.
The group discusses the agreement regarding the Caspian Sea and Sea, which will have a special legal status and divide the seabed up. It's rich in resources, mostly gas and oil, and between 80-90% of the world's caviar is sourced from it.
Joe's job is wearing him out, but because of it they give him more work. Tim reminds Joe not to let it burn him out like his friend Terry did. Terry quit eventually, but he had trouble sleeping, constantly tired, and turned out to have an ulcer. Joe needs to slow down.
Judy is going to a new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with Judy. Denise has been to the club a few times and thinks it might be her new favourite club in town due to the great DJ and music.
Jamie, Marlo, and Jimmy are going to do presentations in groups. They will do interviews, transcriptions, compiling material, and writing. Alex and Marlo don't want to do it alone, so they will talk to him to make 3-4 presentations.
John is at school and talking on the phone to his math teacher. Theresa is waiting for him in the park to talk to him, but John is leaving and Theresa reminds him to wait for her as they are their mothers. John agrees to meet her there.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. Louis's friend told him that a new writer, who writes about vampires, was there signing copies of his books. Sara is not a fan of the writer, Dante Kyle, who was there.
Debbie asked for advice on which dress to buy. Kelly suggested the red one, but Denise suggested the green one as it would suit Debbie better. Kelly asked for a link to the store and suggested buying the red dress for herself. Debbie agreed and sent the link.
Emilia is still angry and expresses it to William. William expresses his disappointment and Emilia responds with a "yes" and William responds with "sadly" and a tearful emoji. They both express their frustration with each other's behavior and end the conversation.
Mia asked Rebecca and Tom to help her buy a flight ticket since she doesn't have a credit card at the moment. Tom offered to let her use his card, and Mia agreed to send him the flight, company, and personal data that he may need.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends Dr. Smith at ProDent in the centre. Wade also needs to go for a checkup. Hugh is working late today. Hugh will call them tomorrow and arrange for the appointment. Andy wishes Hugh good luck.
Ella got a text from her mom that she won a hundred dollars in the lottery. Noah tells her to get out. They joke about Christmas and Noah reminds Ella to take care of the little people, to which Ella responds with a smiley face.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. Oli tried to get to the Circle Mall, but it turned out to be a false alarm. There were no deaths, so Katie and Pavel were relieved to hear that there were no fatalities in the car accident.
Bob and Rob are watching the game. Jim is planning to celebrate his birthday next Wednesday. He might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar. Bob would like to come but he hasn't been invited yet. Rob will let Jim know when he sees him.
Julie and Debra are planning to meet up again over the weekend. Most of the people will be girls from the village 40+ and Julie invites Debra to join them. Debra confirms that she is available and they plan to drink vodka together. Julie encourages Debbie to share the event on her wall as they need recognition.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg. Ian asked Kate if she heard about it, and Kate asked what happened. Ian told her that Mike had been involved in an accident and that he had broken his leg on the motorcycle, which caused the accident.
David went to Ethan's house to babysit his sister. He had to go through a lot. Ethan asked Avery to say thanks to David for turning off his phone, but David had already turned it on. Avery has already told him about it.  
Conrad forgot his keys and will wait for Tiffany and Rebecca in the coffee shop. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca will be coming back even later. Conrad is waiting for her at 10:30 or 10:45. Conrad will come back later.
There was a strange smell at Kasia's place last night, but Ron didn't want to say anything about it. Clara thinks it was Kasia and her 21 cats roaming around. Ron thinks it might have been her sleazy boyfriend, but Clara doesn't know.
Holly is not coming to Jake's party tonight because she doesn't feel well and suspects she might have caught the flu. Jake expresses his disappointment as he was excited to have everyone there. Holly apologizes for not being able to make it and says she feels sick.
Jacopo asked Ludmila if she had a favorite dinosaur growing up, and she replied with "triceratops". Jacopo said he would tell her later why he liked it, but didn't give a reason for his choice of dinosaur.
Josh invited Sean to go to the pub with him and Sean agreed to pick up some girls. Logan asked Sean to behave himself and not make sexist comments, as he would like to meet some girls himself. Sean responded with a dismissive remark and Logan warned him not to engage in sexist comments.
Liam asked Indiana if he left his phone at his place, but Indiana denied it and said he was using it right now. Liam joked that he didn't know who left the phone at Liam's place, and Indiana didn't seem to know who it belonged to.
Claire shared a dress file with Maria, Nicole and Maria. They all agreed that it was perfect for her and recommended that she order it. Nicole suggested that it could be a bit darker, but Maria and Maria both agreed that the price appeals to Claire.
Victor has taken over Chris's company. Chris was under huge debt, but he is still working as Director. Victor sold off the office and accommodated the company in his office. David was worried about Chris but appreciates what Victor is doing. Victor's business is slow but he expects it to improve by the end of the year.
Patricia shared a fair-trade brand with Florence and Elle. Florence and Patricia complimented the quality of the brand and Patricia mentioned that knowing where it came from makes it easier to spend an extra dollar. Elle thanked Patricia and promised to look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is currently in Los Angeles. He didn't tell Abigail about it. He will be back after 3 or 2 days and will let her know when he reaches back. They plan to meet soon.
Stan is going to take his girlfriend to Pat&Gill's today. She replied to Stan's message and sent him a photo of it. Dave wishes him good luck and asks him to let him know how it went. Stan tells him to forget about it.
Miro's father came to the US illegally from Albania in the early 1990s. He speaks only Albanian with his parents. He came from the seacoast and was under duress. He showed Abby some pictures of him and his father at a party.
Julie is home alone and watching a Japanese horror movie. Paula offers to come over and they plan to watch "When Harry Met Sally" and drink cocoa together. Rose offers to bring cookies for the cocoa. They plan to take an Uber and have a spontaneous sleepover.
Lucy's daughter turned 15 and she's worried about what to do with it. Patricia advises her to prepare for it and that it shouldn't come as a surprise. Lucy expresses her frustration at not being as good as she always wanted to be as a mother, but Patricia reassures her that she just doesn't see things as she does.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are planning to go out on Saturday. Tom can't make it due to a party at his in-laws. They plan to start at 8 am and finish around 8 pm. Dan needs to be home at 2 pm and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey showed Amelia and Kristen a photo of her nails and asked if she had done them herself. They both admired them and expressed their desire to have their nails done like Casey's. Casey did it herself, but it took her nearly 4 hours. She apologized to them and said it was a nightmare.
Kate reminds Sharol about the sociology assignment, which is due tomorrow. Sharol is confused and doesn't remember which assignment it is. Kate reminds him and tells him to get to work on it. They exchange some playful banter before saying their goodbyes.
Jamie was at school today, but Jack is sick again with high fever and a terible cough. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, who is great with kids and treats every case individually. The school trip is cancelled due to half of the class being sick.
Tim asked Louise if she had seen her mum, but Louise informed him that she was with her daughter Grace. Tim apologized for forgetting and said he didn't need her. Louise asked why he needed her, but Tim didn't seem to have anything important to discuss.
Caroline is worried that her boyfriend's mother doesn't like her because she's his first girlfriend. Caroline's boyfriend is 26 and lives at home with his mum and gramma. He's introverted and spends most of his time at home, but is intelligent and writing.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand while playing with his cat with a ribbon. He ordered a new lamp and it will be ready to pick up on Tuesday. Damian asked if he had ordered it yet, and Vincent confirmed that he had already ordered it.
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop on Black Friday. Olaf advises him to check prices of the chosen products when the promotion is still on and check them again when it's over. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow and Olaf offers to help him find a good deal.
Vic and Phil prefer Facebook to Twitter. Vic doesn't have an account on Instagram because he likes to observe fitness accounts. Phil doesn't want to write a blog on Tumblr because he has too much time and doesn't like to limit himself to 140 characters.
Peter, Dan and Dan have seen a guy with dreadlocks. Peter finds it awkward, but Dan thinks it's cool. Amanda is not convinced and doesn't think it's a good idea to have dreadlocks in the first place. Amanda's not convinced either.
Sue asked James to pick up the car after work tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in. James agreed to do so and asked if he could pick the car up and pay, to which Sue said yes and agreed to the request.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in the West Bronx. Alice asks if she's on her way, but Jess tells her that she's in the traffic jam. Alice expresses her frustration and expresses that she doesn't know where she's going to meet Jess.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent him her old laptop to her brother. Dima will come to pick it up in an hour to pick up his new laptop from Nada's place. 
Kelly went to the pub at 2 am and met people from school. She saw a man she thought looked nice, but he was with someone. She told him a few words and he heard from her a bit. Betty was not happy and called him an ass.
Anne invited Adele and Louise to come over for Easter, and Adele agreed to come on Friday. Adele offered to bring eggs, chocolat ones, and Anne thanked her for the offer. They agreed to meet on Friday and plan to invite Louise too.
Peggy hasn't got her computer fixed yet, as she spends a lot of time using the library computers. Melody suggests that it might be cheaper to buy a new one and recommends the mac model that she has. Peggy will write to Melody if she has any questions.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes and Janet is waiting for him. Janet had a good day but her boss can be a pain in the ass sometimes. They say their goodbyes and express their love for each other, ending the conversation with a kiss emoji.
Mark, Anna, George, Julia and Julia are going on a self-organised tour tour. They are going to choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so that they don't check the same websites. Anna is in.
Stanley is upset with his girlfriend Del. He can't go for the weekend with her because of work, and she accused him of having an affair. He will talk to her when she's back and see what she says. They need to take care of the Lidem project. Alison disappeared from the media and won't answer her phone.
Kimberly asks Laura if she left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella, but Laura doesn't remember. Kimberly got it as a present from her mom a few years ago. Laura suggests calling the cafe to see if a customer or waiter might have found it.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. Jake is still working there after 5 years. He was promoted twice during these 5 years and the salary increase with each promotion is significant. The company partially finances language and accounting courses. There is a yearly bonus that depends on achievements and private healthcare.
Fiona asked Anna to go with her to the doctor's appointment tomorrow at 8 a.m. Anna agreed to go and Fiona thanked her for her support and asked her to join her at the appointment. They both expressed their gratitude for each other's support.
Dan wanted to wash his hands but the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea offered to write to the owner and Dan offered to do it himself. Steve and Andrea agreed to help him out. Dan thanked Andrea for her help and expressed his gratitude for it.
Kim and Linda are sharing photos of what they are making for dinner. Kim is cooking curry, while Linda is cooking something else. Claire wishes them good luck with their dinner, and Kim calls it the "Curry dream team." Claire jokes that it's a "curry dinner."
Matt complains to Jorge that his homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway trips and prefer talking to him over him. They don't feed him well, but Jorge suggests that he might be overthinking. Matt wonders if it's because he stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and dropping him off at the railway station the next morning. They reminisce about a week-long weekend they spent together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's son will be picked up by Katie tomorrow.
Sharon's mom is angry with her and she's grounded. Ahmed wants her to move in with him, but Sharon is still living with her parents. Her parents will stop talking to her at all if she doesn't move out. She doesn't care about Ahmed.
Rob is not sure if he's getting dumber or this is how it feels like to get older. He's looking at today's memes and they mostly refer to things that are either completely stupid or have no humour value. Tom wants Rob to get himself a girlfriend.
Mike will get the refill for the hand sanitizer by the restrooms as soon as he has time. Grace thanks Mike for the refill request and Mike agrees to get it for them right away. They exchange "thx" and "thank you" messages.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mom kicked her out, but gave her until the end of the year to find a new place to live. Cheryl doesn't want to leave her mom.
David is landing at Sevilla at 17:30. Victor offered to pick him up from the airport, but David declined as Jerez was too expensive. Victor didn't want to pick David up if he couldn't make it, so David agreed to it.
Ann wants to buy a laptop from Josh for 200 dollars. The price is 250 dollars. Josh has a bag and a small USB mouse. Ann will pick up the laptop at Josh's place where she can pick it up on the way to the store. 
Mike asked if anyone can do the washing up, and Sara offered to do it when she gets back from the cinema with Jack. Sam offered to join them, but Sara declined and sent a file_gif instead. They joked about it and ended the conversation.
Gary tells Ellie that he's driving for Uber and how he's met lots of cool people. Ellie is surprised that Gary is enjoying it, as she always finds him awkward around new people. They joke that maybe Gary's social skills are improving and Ellie is glad he's having fun.
Kristi will get a 20% discount on all items on an online shop if she puts Leah's ID on the reference code “Direndia45” Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time. Kristi will do it.
Sue asked Steve to call her when he gets an important message. Steve agreed to do so and will call her back soon.   Sue informed Steve that the message was important, and Steve confirmed that he will call Sue when he receives it.
Andre and Megan are shocked by the news of the bear attack on the zoo. They both agree that keeping animals in cages is cruel and wrong, and that they are not surprised that the bear reacted the way it did in the situation it was involved in. 
Mick didn't get the confirmation from AES yet, but Barbara did. Mick needs to call them and Barbara confirms that she has already received the confirmation confirmation from the agency, so he needs to get in touch with them as soon as he gets the confirmation.
Alan asked Allison to send him the budget estimation file for the current year. Allison sent it to him instead of the estimation for next year, but apologized for the mistake. Alan asked Allison why they had doubled the costs in the line "other expenses" compared to last year, and she explained that it was due to their boss coming back from a convention in Japan.
Nate will be ready in 10 minutes. Liam will be there in 15. Liam and Nate will meet at Liam's place. Liam is going to take a stroll around and Nate is ready to join him in 10-15 minutes. Nate is free now.
Duncan wishes Carl the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year. Duncan and his family will attend the championship to watch their youngest cousin take the title. Carl has reserved a place in the VIp event.
Dinny asked Terry to take his dog away before he comes over, but Terry asked if he was afraid. Dinny admitted to being a little afraid. Terry agreed to take care of the dog before Dinny comes over and said he would take the dog away.
Anastasia and Darrell are discussing their new school photos. Anastasia is happy in the photo, but Darrell thinks she looks skeptical. They both agree that school photos always suck because they are so fast and carelessly taken. They joke around about it and find it funny.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide. Mark and Agatha are excited to meet her and ask her to bring some kimchi, but Kim is hesitant to bring it on a plane. Mark expresses his desire to join them.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died due to malaria in kongo. Darien thinks it's dangerous for all people, not just whites. Aubrianna wants Darien to read up on this issue. ÂÂÂâÂÂřÂÂ
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they said nothing was found when they were closing. He will try to check the swimming pool instead. Mark wishes him good luck and offers to call him if he finds anything.
It's Valentine's Day. Bella and Aria are discussing Valentine's day in Warsaw. There are vendors selling roses on the street. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work. Bella will probably go to Korea for checkup this year.
Sawyer, Sutter, and Wheeler are going to a ball game tonight. The game starts at 5.30 pm, but the pitch is booked at 8 pm so they need to start earlier. Wheeler is unable to make it due to an injury.
Daina needs to put on her make-up for an hour before going out with Sarah. She's not sure if she's going to be casual or party-like. Daina apologizes for not being able to make it in time for the party.
Carmen offered to help Viola with organizing her wedding on Friday night. Viola thanked her and asked for her number, which Carmen gave her. They exchanged "Y" and "Viola" for "I love you" before ending the conversation.
Madeline and Alex had an argument today. Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with his problems. She and Alex are going for a beer after work. They will see each other tomorrow for more than 8 hours.
Betty's mom suggested that she should call her Grandpa from time to time since he's always asking about her. Betty agreed to check in with her mom and they both agreed that they were busy and didn't need to talk long, just check in.
William is preparing spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will add garlic, garlic, wine and clams to the pasta and wait for them to open before adding the pasta. Whitney is excited to try it out and is going to get drunk. 
Maria, Alexander, Martha, Lawrence and Sarah will meet tomorrow at 17:15 at the IMF lecture to discuss remaining questions and do calculations. Sarah will not be there as she is working. They are due on Monday. Lawrence will be late, but they can start without him.
Molly invited Hannah and Anna to a Muse concert in Cracow, but Hannah declined because she doesn't like the band. Anna agreed to go with Molly, and they both expressed their excitement about the opportunity to see the band in person. They all expressed their desire to go.
Tabby has two exams next week. Laura passed all exams except for one. Tabby will see how much progress she makes with studying over the next couple of days. Laura and Tabby are going to Daisy's party on Saturday.Tabby is optimistic.
Coco is sitting on Becky's lap purring right now. It took Joel and Trent 2 days to win her over. She's a total gem. She tries to scratch the couch from time to time. Trent and Joel will let Becky know if they need anything.
Kyra gave Sosie Kyra's flat apartment number 187 and told her that she will be there in 5 minutes. Kevin told her to hurry up because he and his friends were waiting for her. Kyra thanked her and gave her the number again.
Ronnie and Clint discuss Ronnie's city's waste management system. Ronnie says it works very well and they use three bins: compost, recycle, and trash. They also talk about general awareness of plastic bags and straws, but Ronnie doesn't think it will happen in his city due to the state government's lack of awareness.
Adam asked Tina to call him back or text him when she can, but Tina was at work and didn't know what time she could leave. Adam suggested that Tina call him once she's back home since he won't be sleeping until late. Tina agreed to call Adam the next day, but not before 9 am.
Natalie told her friends in confidence that she is pregnant. Dave is the father. Greg and Henriette want to know if it's Mike or Dave, but Jane doesn't want to talk about it. Greg thinks it's insane to share the news with others.
Steve asked Nick to bring him lunch and asked for anything but chicken. Nick agreed and asked Steve what he wanted, to which Steve replied, "Anything but chicken." Nick agreed to get him some lunch, and Steve thanked him for the offer and ended the conversation.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding reception. Timmy is not sure about the date, but he'll be there. Gemma doesn't want to get invites to their weddings and doesn't think she can change their minds.
Millie informed Sal that she is sick and won't come to work today. Sal apologized and wished her a speedy recovery. Millie responded with a heart emoji and a kiss emoji. They both expressed their appreciation for each other's understanding and love for Millie.
Daisy asked Lisa to be back before 11 pm and Lisa agreed. Lisa is not going home yet and Daisy asked if she was going home. Lisa replied that she was not yet and asked Daisy to wait for her. Daisy agreed to wait until 11 pm.
Tina is running late for the bus and Sophie is impatiently waiting for her. Tina assures Sophie that she will make it in time, and Sophie expresses her impatience but Tina reassures her that she is almost there already dressed and will arrive on time.
Noah invited Sophie to collect the quince they talked about the other day. William collected the rest of them for her immediately and they are in a basket on Noah's terrace. Sophie thanked Noah for the offer and they discussed the twins coming over to collect them. They also talked about William's work schedule and how he seems to be too focused on his career instead of family life.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a white table cloth, two medium size wardrobe organizers, one wooden spatula, and three bottle cleaners for Sarah. Sarah will use her Ikea Family card. Harry will give them his number and last name and tell them he forgot to bring it.
Cindy is feeling sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie tries to cheer her up by sending her a GIF and a video that has gone viral on the internet. Ellie hasn't seen it, but finds it funny and sends another GIF.
Jannet and Nadia just got up and are doing breakfast. Nadia and Jannet thanked them for coming yesterday. They had fun and plan to go to the disco the next time they see each other. They joked about how loud it was yesterday, but Nadia was still in a dancing mood.
Mark and Jeff are discussing Mark's friend's new car. Jeff is impressed with the car and wants to drive it, while Mark wants to be the first one to try it out. Jeff bet Mark 100 bucks that he'll let him drive it before him.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie and invites them to have a celebration tonight. They both accept the invitation and express their happiness with the idea of celebrating together. They all express their excitement and agree to join Ann and her friends for a celebration later that night, which makes them all smile.
Kathy's aunt is getting a haircut today. Kathy is also going to get her hair cut a bit shorter. Olivia is just chillin today. Olivia thinks Kathy's new haircut looks cute. Olivia sends Kathy a picture of her Aunt's haircut and Kathy thanks her.
Mr. Benson is currently in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. Claudia, Andy, Mark and Mr. Benson need to discuss work while he's away and things he needs from Claudia asap. Mark apologizes for being late due to a call with a client.
Den's mother cried over a TV program with Phil and Holly. Jane suggests that she needs to get out of the house more. Den invites her for tea on Friday and offers to bring fish and chips home after work. They both agree that it's a good idea.
Mum has arrived at school and is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles. Ludo is in class 3 with them. Mum will show him a picture of the room, but she couldn't see it in the listing. The building is big and there is a huge garden.
Chandler asked Phoebe if she had money and asked her to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door, to which she replied that she did have the money and was on her way to do so. Chandler called her an idiot.
Max's sister is studying in China. She thinks it's a good investment. She speaks Chinese. Shanghai is bigger than the capital and has a population of 25 million people. Joseph and Eliza think it's hard to control. Every 5th earthling is Chinese.
Russ will take a look at the report David sent him yesterday and will send him remarks if he has any. He should be done with the report by midday. David will answer some emails now and Russ will take care of the rest of the work for him.
Ben doesn't want to go with Catherine and her family to visit their uncle Steve. Ben is not fond of such visits as they stress him out. Catherine wants him to come and play with the boys some other day. Ben doesn't have to drive to another city to do it.
Kaya is looking for Clay in the library. Clay is in the class room. Kaya will join him there soon. ÂÂÂ˚Clay will meet Kaya in the room. ï€Â€ÂœClay, Kaya and Kaya are looking for each other.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he needs to finish his report first. He and Alice will try to go tomorrow instead since the car is dirty and they can leave a bit earlier or get it washed somewhere on the road.
Bert is getting home around 8-ish. Julia and her friends will wait for him with dinner. Bert will try to arrive on time and will call Julia if he's running late, if necessary. x. xx.    x.xx.
Steve's new dishwasher has arrived. It's a 12 place setting dishwasher. It looks nice and quiet. Steve is pleased with it and thanks his mum for helping him install it. He doesn't have to put it on every day, just every other day.
Harvey and Michelle are discussing an update. Harvey is impatiently waiting for an update, but Michelle is still researching and asks him to stop texting her so she can get on with it. She mentions that half of the update is black-hat and installs bugs on her computer.
Joy is coming back on Thursday and Bill is excited to see her. They exchange affectionate messages and express how much they miss each other. They both express excitement to see each other again and express their excitement for each other's upcoming return trip.   
Cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden has closed down. Julia checked online for the owners and contacted them, but they haven't replied yet. She hopes they will reopen somewhere else. Henry was looking forward to their brownie at Lilly's, but Julia suggested he go to the Japan Centre instead.
Olivia has no plans for the day. She needs to do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also has a few videos she needs to upload to YouTube. She doesn't do much in the way of post-production.
Emily broke one of Linda's green tea cups while cleaning the cupboards in the dining room. She apologized to Linda and said she was feeling bad about it, but Linda assured her that it wasn't a big deal and that she hardly used the cup anyway. Emily apologized again and Linda told her to take out the whole green set if she liked it so much.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for two days this weekend. Tom is buying the tickets and they are excited about the weather forecast. Camilla has never been to Ireland before, but she loves Tom's crazy ideas and is excited to go with him.
Stella asked Sandra if she had recovered from her illness and offered to visit her, but she declined out of fear of spreading the disease. They talked about Sandra's recovery and Stella offered to take her to the cinema to watch a romantic comedy, horror, fantasy, or action movie. Sandra expressed her desire to watch an action movie since she was tired of lying in bed all day. Stella promised to find something special for her and wished her a speedy recovery.
Harley and Ruby discuss a divorce filing involving a serial cheater who is getting a monthly settlement and half his pension. They both agree that there are always two sides to every situation and that sometimes people do crazy things and karma can play a part in it.
Ken is stressed due to work, fighting with Brad, and too much going on at his mom's. Ang offers to listen to him vent and suggests he does something fun this weekend. Ken agrees to see the grandkids at the zoo on Sunday. They exchange goodbyes before work calls.
Today is derby day. Titus is supporting Manchester United today. Julius and Titus are both rooting for Manchester United. They both think that Manchester United will win the derby and that the City of Manchester will beat the City in the end. They plan to watch the game together.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time. Dexter misses her, but she doesn't seem to love him anymore. Dexter thinks that's because she's been quiet lately and that's why he doesn't want to talk to her anymore.
Jason was absent from school today. Susy informed Megan that he had a dental appointment. Megan thanked Susy for the information and thanked Nathan for letting her know that Jason wasn't there today.   ÂÂÂŝÂÂȝŝ
Don has a management board meeting today at 2 pm in Cindy's conference room. Catering will bring tea, coffee and snacks. Andy hasn't read the agenda yet. Don is going on a trip next week. Cindy booked his plane tickets and hotel. Don will pick him up at the airport.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. Virginia and Jack are amused by the photo he shared with them. Samuel ordered a mushroom pizza, which is legal in Laos due to the owner bribing the police. Jack loves the happy menu and wants to go there.
Mike and Celia are discussing where to go on holiday. Mike wants to go to Egypt, but Celia thinks it's too hot and suggests Croatia instead. Mike agrees to go there since he's never been there before and has never been to Croatia before.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song "Charlie Puth". Paola also loves "Galway Girl" and has been listening to it all the time recently. They both agree that the song is awesome and that it's British.
Sharon asked Jaz to do her hair on Sunday since she can't go to the salon this week. Jaz agreed to do it and they agreed to meet at 2.30 pm on Sunday. Sharon bought the hair dye in bulk on Amazon and Jaz will pop it in her calendar.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes or so. Ann asked Pete if he was coming for lunch and he confirmed that he will be there. Ann agreed to meet him at home and asked him to be there in 20 min or so for lunch.
Laura asked Kas to tidy up her dreadlocks for her this weekend, but Kas needs to check his schedule with work first. Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can manage to do it, as it will take him a couple of days to sort out the mess.
Jill can't do more than 3-4 activities per day for more than 40 hours. Ally and Jill are both doing around 20-30 hours per day, and they both agree to do the same amount of work each day as long as it doesn't exceed 35 hours.
James and Mia plan to go to an art exhibition of Professor Evans, who taught them ethics. They ask Amelia if she wants to go with them to the exhibition and to the cinema. They plan to hang out afterwards at James's place and cuddle. Amelia agrees to go.
Rita doesn't know if the readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are in the print shop. Chae-yeong and Arthur confirm that they were not there on Monday. Rita will go tomorrow morning and let them know if they are available.
Ost bought a garage place in the garage and plans to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. Vesna congratulates Ost on his purchase. Ost explains that there is a big crowd in parking in Belgrade and the prices for garage places are favorable due to low interest rates and growing number of vehicles in the city center.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours and hasn't stopped in Zawiercie yet. She will arrive in Poraj around 7 pm. Julia will pick Hania up from the platform when she passes Żyrardów station.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin because she finds him irritating. Gavin doesn't seem to care and tells her to go away. Kaylee expresses her annoyance and Gavin responds with a "bye" message. They end the conversation with a brief exchange of emojis.
Lara confirmed with Marika that she is coming to Marika's place today. Marika was happy to hear it and wished her a good time. Lara also confirmed that she will be coming to her place today, to which Marika responded with a positive response.
Mazie and her friends are going out for a drink tonight. Lee doesn't want to go because he can't stand some of Mazie's friends. Sheryl is one of them. Lee spilled a drink on her, but he apologized to her.
Erin baked something and showed it to Zachary. Zachary complimented it and asked Erin to bring him a piece of it later, but he was busy cleaning the flat. Erin agreed and sent him a photo of the baked item. They both agreed to try it together.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were okay, but the third one didn't go well because the woman didn't seem to like him. Joseph is going to be a concierge until the day he dies, which reminds Albert of a Simpsons episode.
Sue asked Graham to throw her some dates over for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants Graham to focus on motorways for another 2 half days. Graham sent Sue a list of dates including 2/3/9/10/16/17/23.
Brett's cousin met his wife while playing a game of World of Warcraft. Andrew's favourite genre of RPGs is Final Fantasy series. John and Andrew haven't played the game WoW, so they will have to look for new friends to play with. 
Rael is unhappy with her job and doesn't have time to eat her lunch. She talks to her manager who doesn't understand that humans are not robots. Rael is considering quitting and looking for a new job. Zach suggests Rael consider IT and offers to help her find a new career.
Susan's date was perfect. He picked her up from home and took her to a rollerskating disco. Susan is tired of boring restaurant dates and prefers something original. Jill is jealous of Susan's date, but Susan insists that she is not jealous.
Joe invited Pete to come over to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys tonight. Pete accepted and said he would come over. Joe is counting to three as they say "1, 2, 3" and Pete responds with a smiley face. They both laughed.
Euodia doesn't know what tiktok is, but her friends were talking about it. Domigo explains to her that it's an app that allows you to create videos and edit them with music and special effects. He suggests she try it and share it on YouTube or just with her friends.
Hugh shared a photo of his son with his friends Julia and Joan, who complimented him on his son's looks and congratulated him. Hugh thanked them for their well wishes and expressed his gratitude for the kind words and affectionate message. Â. 
Nathalie, Jacob, Pauline and Anthony are planning a holiday to Greece for August 10th. Nathalie wants to attend her sister's wedding. Anthony and Pauline don't want to go, but they have no choice since they need to be back by then.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential but there was a traffic jam, so they changed their plans to Copley instead. Lori apologized and said she would be there in 10 minutes, but Maria was impatient and asked her to hurry up due to the traffic jam.
Marta believes Jay is a pathological liar. Jay keeps talking about how he has a lot of money and travels all over the world. Marta just found out that Jay lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town, so she doesn't believe him.
Chuck and Ally are unsure about what to do on New Year's Eve. Telly is hesitant about going to Luke's party. Chuck suggests going to Bernie's party, which is open. Ally and Telly also want to go to The Spot, but they need to sign up quickly.
Karen passed her test and Simon, Tim, Tim and Patty congratulated her. Patty joked that Karen will be the new designated driver for the group, and they all wished her a happy birthday and wished her good luck as they congratulated her and wished each other well.
Gill is looking for a new peeling. Bunny suggests that he can make his own peeling using coffee, seeds, oil, and scrubbing oil. Gill thanks Bunny for the suggestion and expresses his gratitude for the idea. ÂÂÂ˚
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester. Chris and Ann stayed home with Ann for the first time on their own, and they've liked it so far very much. Nick and Chris wish everyone Merry Christmas and Chris asks where they are. Ryan jokes about the weather.
Bruce's campaign is going well and he has around 200 backers. He has raised 6132 dollars so far, which is around $6132. Oliver is happy to hear that the campaign is doing well and excited about the crowd-funding method that Bruce is using.
Liam will pick up Kane at 8 and tells him to be ready, but asks him not to be late. Kane agrees to meet Liam at 8, but Liam reminds him to not get them there too late. They exchange pleasantries and agree to meet at 8.
Kate and Mary had a fight with their friend Chris. Chris has a history of saying offensive things about immigrants and refugees. Kate doesn't know why she's still talking to him. She doesn't want to be friends with someone who thinks Mexican children are worse.
Celine and Mark went on skates for Mark's first time. Mia would like to go skating with Celine, but Mark doesn't know how to skate. Celine shared a picture of her and Mark's skates and they had a lot of fun.
Sarah and Lia are going back home for Passover. Lia's family wants her to come but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. They are going to the Negev desert this year.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday, but he hasn't received it yet. Jack asked Gene to send him the tracking number to check if he received it. Gene sent the number 12345678900 and Jack confirmed that he will check it out.
Miranda asked Stephanie to cancel tomorrow's meeting because she has to work 20 hours a day. Stephanie suggested that young doctors kill themselves working, but Miranda argued that they come close to death but survive and it makes them immortal. They agreed to cancel the meeting as long as Miranda provided an explanation.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at Fabro-Fictionule, which turns out to be a bit of a shithole, but Blake assures them that he will be waiting for them there as there's only one platform to choose from.
Raymond and Charlotte are trying to decide what to have for dinner. Raymond wants to have pizza and pesto pasta, but Charlotte wants him to have both. They come up with a compromise where Charlotte will come over and have both, and Raymond will bring wine.
Zack and Dwayne discussed the new Jersey Shore season. Zack watched a couple of episodes and found it to be hilarious. The cast includes Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. Dwayne is going to watch it and let Zack know what he thinks afterwards.
Will is waiting in a long line at the post office to send a traditional letter in the XXI century. Chris jokes that it's a part of life in a big city, but he hopes Will will think twice next time he decides to send traditional letters.
Tobi, Nicholas, and Serena went to the new club in Cork, but it was empty and disappointing. Ella won't go there again as she doesn't want to risk going there again. Nicholas suggests that the club needs some time to improve.
Molly, Margaret, Kai and Peter are going to Sweden for a week in January. They bought cheap tickets half a year ago. It will be dark and cold, but Kai suggests museums, bars and nature around Stockholm. They will visit the Vasa Museum.
Avril asked Frank if he had any plans for the weekend, but he didn't. Avril asked if he wanted to go mushroom picking, but Frank wasn't interested. However, Avril invited him to go horse racing with her, and Frank agreed to go.
Xander wants to go to Multisports this week. Mel will bring him round at half 10 tomorrow. Mair is glad to be out of the bitching and bullying at work this week, and most of the nasty people on her section have left now. 
Ethan has been going to the gym every day this week. He will meet Ray and Dustin at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan has to pick up his kids at 9 pm. Dustin and Ray will meet at Ethan's place at 8 PM. 
Diana invited Frann to a hip-hop workshop and asked if he wanted to go with her. Frann agreed to go and asked for an open level or beginner level class. Diana provided a form to fill in and they agreed to meet in a week.
Pam lost her phone while shopping and didn't come back to check if it was found. Dot suggested that she could promise a reward and post someone's phone number to help find it. Pam agreed to check it out and Dot wished her luck in finding it.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. He's in the hospital, but seems to be okay. There will be an official statement and an article in the paper. As far as Rodney knows the assailant had a mask on. They hope they catch the guy soon.
Nathan and Deborah discussed their plans for tomorrow and decided to pack everything today since they won't have time tomorrow. Nathan started packing his stuff in the bedroom and told the girls to start packing too. They planned to take boots and warm jackets for the girls and Lucy's parents promised them a trip to the forest. They also talked about taking bicycles for a ride to a cliff where they were last year. Nathan will pick up the girls from school and they plan to meet at Deborah's house for a quick bite before heading off. Deborah reminded Nathan to buy travel sickness syrup and he agreed to do it on his way
Alexander, Casper, Igor, and Alexander are discussing whether to go to tomorrow's lecture with Mr. Linda. Alexander is hesitant due to his previous experience with him, but Igor and Casper agree to go somewhere else instead. They plan to meet near the university and work something out.
Javier asked Judie for tattoo parlors with English-speaking employees in Warsaw, but Judie didn't know of any. However, Judie's girlfriend had a 1000-dollar tattoo done at Warsaw Ink. Javier offered to get a tattoo back in Colombia instead.
Sam, Michael and Jessica will be at the hotel on the 15th of August around 2 p.m. Michael owns a nice hotel. Sam hopes that the manager will arrange the hotel room for them. Jessica and Sam are happy to see each other again.
Marsha, Mohammad, Cynthia, and Gavin are planning a trip to Madagascar with John. They will spend a week on the beach at a hotel John found in Nosy Be. It's more expensive than hotels on the mainland, but cheaper than Italy or Italy.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and educated in Loughborouogh. Adelina asked him where he came from, but Cyprien didn't seem to understand the question. He said that in one sense he comes from his mother's vagina and in another sense from atoms in the air that he breathes and food that he eats.
Joanna asked Ethel for advice on how to remove coffee stains from her dress. Ethel suggested leaving it at the dry-cleaner's and suggested a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3. Joanna agreed to try it out and thanked Ethel.
Anna invited Charlie to have pizza with them tonight, but Charlie declined as he was still upset about something. Anna apologized and wished him a nice evening. They exchanged pleasantries and ended the conversation with a "chauffeur" and a "cheers."
It's cold outside. Kris, Ovi, Jason and Nadine are complaining about the cold weather. Ovi doesn't feel like going anywhere, but he has to go to work. Nadine is seeing lots of sick patients at her clinic due to the weather.
Leticia lost her wallet and asked her friends if they had any money to lend. Lora offered to lend her 10 dollars, but Leticia declined. Miranda offered to help and Lora advised Leticia to call the bank and block her account. Leticia thanked them for their help.
Paula hasn't received the paper from the office yet, but she's going there tomorrow. The application deadline for the application is Friday at noon. Paula promises Andrew that she won't forget the application deadline and promises to bring it to the office on Friday.
Ben and Steven agreed to have pizza at Marco's tonight and asked each other if they wanted to go there. Steven agreed and said "y" in response to Ben's "pizza tonight" question. They both agreed to go to Marco's for pizza.
Danny took Terence's money. Terence is angry and accuses him of stealing his money. Daniel denies it and Terence apologizes, saying he forgot he had placed it elsewhere last month. Daniel is upset and calls Terence a liar and a thief.
Levy asked Lucy if she had thrown out the garbage, but Lucy didn't remember. Levy reminded her that she was supposed to do so as per the parents order. Lucy said she would have to do it now and left the issue in the middle of the conversation.
Willy asked Vinny to lend him his car for a day or so since he's always wanted a Mustang and a red one. Vinny agreed and suggested they car pool together a couple of days a week. Willy agreed and they made a deal.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She asked one girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her. Last week she did the same thing. Lindsey gave them a piece of paper with her name written on it. Sage is going to have a beer.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Dory are working on creating a video for a movie. Jason purchased an app to video and edit and Lucy has a script. They are almost done.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together and they both like Kelly. Jared wants to ask her out, but Michelle doesn't want him to do that as she doesn't think he should ask Kelly out since she's his best friend and she's a sweet girl.
Reeve, Winslow, Dodson, and Booker are discussing their winter break plans. Reeve suggests Dominicana, but Dodson and Trish can't afford it, so they decide to go to the seaside instead. They plan to book a hotel for 3/4 nights for Trish to make her happy.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink tonight at 8 pm at Zayna's place, and they plan to meet at her place after work. They are going to have a drink and catch up with each other after work, as planned. 
Grace and Audrey didn't catch up at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and considering applying for grad school, but she's not sure if she wants to go. She also considers taking a year off from school. Audrey wants to hear from Grace when she decides.
Monica sent Natalie a recipe for her famous cheesecake and a photo of it. Natalie thanked her and said "yummmmmmie" Monica sent a smiley face emoji in response to Natalie's request for the cheesecake recipe. She also sent a link to the recipe.
Dixie asked Jair for Jason's phone number, but Jair didn't have it. Dixie asked someone else to give her Jason's number, and Jair suggested Ty. Ethan offered to give it to Dixie in a minute, and Dixie agreed.
Amanda didn't like the show Parks and Rec. She's not a big fan of the woman who plays the main character, Amy Poehler. Vincent thinks she's funny and suggests she give the show another try. Amanda agrees to give it a try.
Bob bought a game and suggested playing it with Harry, but Harry couldn't afford it due to a broken car and a bad job. Bob sympathized with Harry's situation and offered to play the game with him. They both agreed to play together in the future.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. Sidney asked him why he didn't buy it, but Randal was still in the store. Randal didn't know which one of the nail varnish to buy. Sidney told him to buy the pink one.
Mike and Pat discuss Chicago's football game last night. Pat is not a soccer fan, but he likes baseball, hockey, and hockey. Pat doesn't play basketball, but Mike likes to play. Pat and Mike plan to meet up one day to play basketball together.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day of the dinner. Nate has to create a new Excel file and feed the data into the tables himself. The registration system Nate is using is a shoddy one that transforms registrations into text in Excel.
Farrah shared her Fossil collection with Enrique's class. Enrique was impressed with Farrah's collection and asked for her name and number to share with his 4th grade students. Farrah agreed to come back and bring more Fossils to the class next time.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. The weather is cold at night and in the morning. They had a walk around the summit of Belchen on Sunday and got some suntan from the sun. They will talk to each other soon.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at the main entrance at 6 pm. Linda needs more time to get ready after work, but Trinny and Susannah agree that 6 pm is a good time. They will see each other at the entrance.
Daniel and Emma are going with Peter to Amiens tomorrow. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am. Daniel has to get up before 7 am. There will be no parties or drinking in Amiens tonight. Daniel hopes Amiens is worth it.
There is a 10% off coupon code for new customers at Pet Shop. Red and Gray colors are the most popular. Breann wishes there was a cheetah print, but Pet Shop confirms that they do have them and recommends checking out the pet hut.
Hugh and Wanda plan to make pizza and get started quickly when they arrive. Hugh suggests making the base and preparing everything earlier, then putting it in the oven. Wanda is not sure how much time it will take, but agrees to add it to their to-do list.
Emily, Chloe and James are discussing the location of the next ASEEES conference. James suggests San Francisco, but Chloe expresses disappointment as she had hoped for Hawaii. James explains that the last conference in San Francisco was criticized for the high costs of traveling to the place.
Finn asked Jim to track his shipment and asked for the order number 45678. Jim gave it to him and confirmed that the package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him the next day. Finn thanked Jim for his help.   Â
Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious. Precious asked Rhonda to send it to the Dropbox, but it wasn't on the Dropbox yet. She apologized and Rhonda agreed to do it right away, but Precious couldn't find it.
Derek McCarthy asked Filip if he could borrow an Android cable for an hour as he was out of charge and forgot his cable. Tommy offered to lend him one and asked if Derek wanted him to drive to 67 glenoaks, which Derek agreed to do. Tommy's wife, Paulina, will give Derek the cable and she will give it to him at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday. Judy is not going away for the weekend, so Derek will let her know later about the details of the weekend plans. Judy agrees to feed the animals.
Laura, Kelsey, Oona, Sid and Oona are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10 pm. Oona will buy the tickets for them. Kelsey is free Thursday-Saturday. Laura will pay Oona back later. 
Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of activity every day. Greg, Will and Anna are going to join him. They advise him to look for variety of exercises such as walking, biking, swimming or whatever he enjoys.
Bennett and Cynthia plan to meet up and go to a new hipster bistro where people bring their dogs and eat delicious food. Bennett is intrigued by the concept and is willing to try it out as long as it's hygienic and clean.
Lorenzo, Will and Amanda are in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo, Amanda is still on the highway, and Lorenzo has just arrived. Lorenzo offers to take the keys to the room and wait for them inside, but Amanda needs at least another hour. Lorenzo will go and check it out.
Walker will come to Booker's place with his Xbox console and they plan to play games all night long. Walker is excited about the grip on the console and Booker agrees to bring one as well. They both express their excitement about the idea of gaming all night.
Laura's mom passed away this morning after a hard battle. Kristian and Anne offered their condolences and offered to spend more time with Laura now. They wished her a speedy recovery and encouraged her to stay strong. Laura agreed and asked them to come see her.
The cafes by the river were damaged by the flods. They want to re-build them, but the cost of fixing them is too high. It was a great place. Adam misses going there. Keith and Adam agree that it's sad to lose it.
Ana and Katy invited Carlton to see a film by Lola Arias on the making of a play he saw last year. Ana invited him to join them for dinner and drinks and they agreed to meet up at Ana's place at 7 pm on Saturday.
John showed Henry a Bristol Stool Scale and asked him to take a picture of his poop, but Henry declined as he had a nice one this morning. He joked that he was never constipated, and John suggested that it was a good metaphor for expressing emotions.
James, Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. Patricia is afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes, and tsunamis. James assures them that nothing will happen and that Japanese cities are safe due to their experiences with earthquakes and architecture.
Mika offered Linda plants for her garden, but Linda declined as she won't be able to do any gardening before she leaves. Mika expressed her disappointment and said it would be a shame to throw the plants away on the compost heap instead of giving them to her.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room. Drade acted aggressively towards him. Marenda wants Drade to apologize and send an invitation to him, but Drade argues that he didn't say anything wrong and didn't need to talk about it.
Kate broke her arm and they're sending her to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception to find out what kind of package she has to cover the hospital costs. Mel asks what happened and Kate responds with a "thnx."
Charlie invited Frank to go out with him and his sister tonight to celebrate her passing her last exam on her Uni. Frank agreed to go and will let him know later when the plan clarifies. Charlie thanked Frank for the invitation and wished him a good time.
Clara and Bella plan to meet up for a drink at 7:30 pm, but Clara is at the gym and won't be back before 7. Bella wants to talk to Clara about something and needs her advice. Clara offers to fix a snack and bring wine. They agree to meet at Clara's place and park along the road.
Jose, Ricky, Amanda, and Ricky are exchanging holiday greetings and wishing each other happy holidays and a happy new year. They all express excitement for the upcoming summer and travel plans, including trips to Cuba, Mexico, Thailand, and more. Jose offers to be Ricky's guide.
Susan invited Rob to have dinner together after work tomorrow and he agreed. Susan offered to cook something special for him and they agreed to meet up after work. Rob agreed to come over and Susan expressed her excitement about cooking something special. They both agreed it was a great idea.
Denise will give Dominique units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test tomorrow. Dominique asks for the test and Denise tells him it's for tomorrow, to which Dominique confirms and Denise responds with a simple "nope" in response to his question.
Steph shows Sharon a photo of her new lampshade and asks for her opinion. Sharon thinks it's superb and recommends it to Steph. They discuss the color scheme and the need for proper hangers, but Steph doesn't know where to get them.
Anna is still at work and will call Peter in 20 minutes. Peter needs to talk to her, but she can't talk at the moment as she's at work, so he will wait for her to call him back in a few minutes. They say their goodbyes.
Jesse asked Stig if he could borrow his razor because he broke his own one. Stig asked what happened to his razor and Jesse explained that it fell out of his hands. They agreed to let Jesse borrow Stig's razor as long as Jesse doesn't need it.
Patrick is not picking up Matt's calls. Mary gives him Patrick's phone number: +44 7700 900077. Patrick has changed his number. Matt thanks Mary and Susan for the phone number. ÂÂÂŝÂřÂœ
Chiara's uncle Sam is in hospital, but he's okay. Yvonne and Lucy are worried about him, but they reassure her that it's nothing serious. Chiara sends them a photo of herself and her family from Chicago two weeks ago. They talk about their cousins' wedding and Yvonna's boyfriend.
Jack asked Thomas to buy butter, and Thomas agreed to do so. Thomas is on his way home and Jack will wait for him to come in order to start cooking a mushroom soup he's making. Thomas found the soup to be tasty and recommended it to Jack.
Helen asked Debbie to bring her laptop to work because she forgot to take it. Helen has a presentation today and needs her laptop as she can't do anything without it. Debbie agreed to bring the laptop to Helen's request. Helen asked Debbie if she was home and Debbie confirmed that she was.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday, but it's dying already. She doesn't know the name of the plant, so she can't look up how to care for it. Boston helped her by taking a photo of it and looking it up on Google Images.
John and Annie are moving back to London after John lost his job in Germany due to a liquidation of the company. Amber will have to look for a new place to live. Erin offered to let Amber stay at her place until she finds a new job.
Vicky asked if everyone was still at Town Square and if she should meet them at Fratelli's. Ludovica, Greg, Brandon, Michelle, Ryan, and Audrey confirmed they were there. Michelle asked Vicky to wait for her in front of Town Square while she went to the office. Ryan and Brandon were upstairs. Audrey couldn't get a taxi and Marty and kids were bringing her over.
Kaylin and Amir are joking around with each other and sending each other funny gifs. Amir is feeling unwell and doesn't feel like going out tomorrow. Kaylin reminds him to set three alarms just in case, and Amir agrees to do the same.
Lois is thinking of deleting her account. She created it when she was 10. Keira's sister was in town the other day. She's grounded for a month. Lois asks Keira if she's going to tell on her sister, but Keira is mad at her.
Natacha offered to pick up Charles at the RER station Vesinet. Charles agreed and said he would call her when he arrives at around 5:30 pm. They exchanged pleasantries and agreed to meet up at Vesinet at that time. Charles thanked Natacha and said goodbye.
Simon was on the phone and didn't hear Helen's call to him. Helen asked him to fetch her some tissues since the toilet paper was finished. Simon agreed to do so without any further delay. They exchanged a brief conversation before ending the conversation with a smiley face emoji.
It's a real blizzard outside. Tom and Shelly haven't seen such weather in years. Tom went hiking in the mountains a couple of years ago. He was still a student and went with a group of friends. They rented a cabin in the wild for a weekend away.
Lucy wants to go to a gig with her friends. Maggie and Johny want to date her. Lucy and her friends will come to Maggie's house at 6 pm to pamper themselves. The gig starts at 8 pm. Maggie will see Lucy later.
Payday is tomorrow. Rose and Jake will start thinking about Christmas gifts now. They will talk about what to buy for everybody when Jake gets home. Rose loves making gifts for people and Jake and she both agree that it's fun to make them.  
Martha asks Jake about minimalism. Jake used to think it was total nonsense, but now he thinks it's about shifting the paradigm from buying cheap to buying expensive stuff. Martha is mixed about it because she feels there are conflicting priorities when it comes to shopping.
Albert passed his driving exam on his 4th attempt. Juliet congratulated him and wished him good luck, saying that now nothing can stop him from achieving his dream of passing the driving exam. Albert responded with a smiley face emoji and a thumbs up emoticon.
Ravi's mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years now and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement due to arthritis. Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mom in the club for almost 4 months. Ravi tried naturopathy but it didn't work.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with an old man who rubs his old saggy balls all over her. Steviee, Wilbur and Justin agree that sugar babies don't actually sleep with them and that sometimes they just want friendship and companionship.
Alice is sick with the flu. She hasn't taken any vaccine. She will be at home for 10 days. She forgot to take the vaccine, and now she has consequences for not taking it. She is feeling sick and has a fever and is sneezing all the time.
Marco found a present at his place and asked if it belonged to him. Sandra confirmed that it was hers and asked him to bring it over to her place. She had bought it for Marco before his party and gave it to him as a present. Marco agreed to do so.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve. She is the best. Steve is hungry and thanks her for it. Steve will eat something soon.  ÂÂÂŝÂÂȝÂřÂÂ’ŝ’’
Zariah is in pain in his back. Dane is alright, but he has been experiencing back pain almost every day recently. He doesn't think it's because of the bed, as earlier it wasn't as bad.   ÂÂÂ˚
James and Hannah will see each other on Saturday at 8 on Saturday. James will pick Hannah up at 8. Hannah will have to get up early for work tomorrow, but she has plans for the evening tomorrow evening. James misses Hannah and wants to see her.
Rachel invited Caron for a drink tonight at Red Lion at 8. Caron agreed and Rachel thanked her for reading her mind. They said their goodbyes and agreed to see each other at the bar.   ÂÂÂȝÂÂŝ
Sara invited Victor to help with an event they're organizing, but he declined due to his busy schedule. They agreed to reschedule the event for another time in the future, and apologized to each other for not being able to make it earlier in the day.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave will have to hit on her soon. Mike tells him to stay off as he hears Jerry is her lover, but Dave jokes that he will push his luck. Mike wishes Dave good luck.
Patricia asked George to call her in an hour or so as she couldn't talk now. George agreed to do so and Patricia thanked him for his help. They ended the conversation with a brief exchange of "thank you" and "I'll talk to you later."
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He is waiting in Luxembourg now. Moe and Eddie wish him a safe trip and Klara asks where he is, to which Mario replies that he is in Luxembourg. Moe jokes that Mario loves flying and wishes him safe.
Lena and Brian are discussing the new professor who gave students a homework assignment at the first class. They agree that the professor is psycho and don't want to do the homework. Lena thanks Brian for his poem and they plan to see each other tomorrow at philosophy class.
Booth went to the local theatre the other day. Elvina got invited to a play and doesn't know what to wear. It's light-hearted and friendly. Averil is shocked that there's a theatre in the city and Booth was impressed.
Jair asked if Callum was still busy, and Callum replied that he was a little busy. Jair acknowledged it and said "okay" to which Callum responded with a "a little sorry" and Jair agreed to keep in touch.
Jacob asked Emily to stop the busses as he was on his way to the parking lot. Emily told him to hurry up as the buses were about to leave. Jacob told her to count to 10 and he would arrive. Emily asked where Jacob was and Jacob replied that he was not there yet.
Molly tells Ella that Chuck made up a story that she met up with Chuck on Friday, but Ella doesn't believe her. Molly is angry and threatens to kill Chuck if he doesn't back up his story. Ella tries to calm her down.
Rita and Sally are discussing Borns' new album. Rita loves God Save Our Young Blood and Faded Heart. Rita is also excited about Florence and the fact that her new single is coming out tomorrow. Sally didn't know about it until Rita mentioned it.
Gloria complains about being too poor for her lifestyle due to therapy costs. Amanita suggests that Gloria should cook more and suggests pancakes, soups, and soups as cheap alternatives. Gloria thanks Amanita for the tip and suggests planning her meals better.
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten on her computer and shared it with her friends. They all commented on how cute she looked and how old she was in the photo. Haley mentioned that Bella is now middle-aged, but still adorable.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century. Jeff is worried about the economic war on China that Trump is waging and his unpredictability. However, people in his bank seem calm. The global economy will get weaker, but growth will not be tragic. The UK and the EU may be much worse in 2020.
Alexa confesses to Hunter that she asked Ethan to insult him because she was jealous of Hunter's relationship with Ethan. Hunter asks why she did it and Alexa explains that she was too jealous to see Hunter with Ethan that day. They plan to talk about it further tomorrow.
Meg asked Ann if she was still at school, but Ann informed her that she had extra math classes and asked if Meg could meet her at home at 7 pm. Meg agreed to meet Ann at her home at that time. ÂÂÂřÂœ
Lorenna informed her friends that she couldn't come to the party because her daughter Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. They expressed their sympathy and offered their support. Emma is feeling better now, but Lorenna needs to stay at home with her for a few days.
Adam shared a gossip with his friends about Iga canceling a weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't change the date of the presentation due to a group presentation issue. They speculated that Iga is upset and they haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel's language is Telugu, which is spoken in South east India and has nearly 90 million speakers. Samuel is 35 years old and works hard for less than a hundred dollars a month in Teluguland. He is younger than Tim, who is 55 years old.
Pete asked Jen what flavour of yogurt she wanted again and she told him it was pear. Pete asked if he could get a different flavour if they didn't have it, but Jen only wants pear and doesn't like any other flavour. Pete agreed to have a look around.
Charlie and Nicole are meeting Eve and Eve's friend at the entrance of the place where it will be too crowded for them to find each other inside. Eve agrees to meet up with them there and they agree to meet at that place instead of inside the building.
Jenkin asks Sophie what her spirit animal is, but Sophie doesn't know a fox. Jenkin has been reading about animal spirits and will bring her a pack of cards tomorrow to show her his dolphin spirit animal, which he was drawn to by a card.
Daisy sent Scarlett her RGS application to her and wished her good luck with hers. She also asked Scarlett to let her know if she has any questions about her application. Scarlett thanked Daisy for sending her application and expressed her gratitude for the kind gesture. 
Katie and Christie had a great time at the party. They are both tired after the party, but they both had fun and are happy to have had a good time. They wish each other the best of luck for the rest of the day.  
Sam and Carla plan to meet up in the afternoon at Meanwood to go to a cafe that serves cakes. They agree to meet at 2 pm and are looking forward to it. They exchange pleasantries and say their goodbyes to each other. 
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them. They will be watching "Love Actually" at the office party, which Daniel finds very Christmasy and appropriate for the time of year.
Louis asked his mum what he could buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding, but he doesn't have any idea. His mum suggested that they should have a list of what they need, so that everyone can check what they actually need. Louis expressed his confusion.
Chris tried jogging for the first time today. He did quite well. Matt is taking medication that slows down his heart rate. Chris needs to analyse his performance after his next jog. Matt has finished his work for the day and is going to go home now. 
Eric and Dan discussed Punisher season 2 and agreed that it was better than the first season. They both agreed that the second season did some things better, such as showing Frank as the actual Punisher and not just a guy seeking vengeance for his family. They also agreed that Netflix should have given Jigsaw more scars in season 1.
Hilary and Geri will go shopping for new shoes together tomorrow after work. They will go to a frozen yogurt place. Geri wants to buy some new heels and Hilary found some great ones at the mall yesterday. She will be in touch with Hilary.
Jacob informs Alex that top management is coming from France next week and they got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There is a mandatory formal dress code required. Jacob and Alex speculate about the usual cost savings, lean office, and salary reviews they will announce.
Joana invited Sandy to play some games and suggested Dixit or Carcassonne. Sandy agreed to play and Joana offered to bring the games over to Sandy's place. They both agreed to the game suggestion and both agreed it was a good idea.
Jenny, Jeremy, Joan and Jeremy are going to a concert on Saturday. Joan suggests starting with a drink, but Jenny doesn't know anything affordable nearby. They decide to go to Barcelona instead and Jeremy suggests the 8th Avenue concert, which Jenny agrees to.
John and Matt are going to have practice today. John thanks Matt and they say their goodbyes and end the conversation with a brief exchange of "see you there" and "see ya." ÂÂÂÂÂȝÂŝ
Blake asked where his friends were and George replied that they were coming over. Blake responded positively and wished them good luck, to which George responded with a smiley face and a reply of "I'm coming over" in response to Blake's "Where are you guys?" question.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening. Steve will tell Rob later what he thinks about it and they both agree to see each other later to discuss the album together. ÂÂÂ
Alex asked Martin to buy some milk since he's been craving it lately. Martin joked that he just bought two yesterday, but then reminded Alex that he has a project due in a couple of hours. Alex thanked Martin for his help and called him "my hero."
Jeremih asked Hansel to tell his sister to text back because she was mad at him, but Hansel didn't want to get involved. Jeremih joked about it and Hansel laughed it off, but promised not to interfere again in the future.
Peter asked Joy for a link to her beauty shop and she sent it to him. Peter asked to see it and asked if he could ask any questions. Joy assured him that it was available and asked him to feel free to ask if he had any questions about it.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with close friends at his place. Emma went to the seaside and visited a bunch of clubs. She ended up on the beach for midnight. She had her beer jacket on. Emma has a cold now because of the cold jacket.
Andy will be there by 8. Andy will be working late until 4. Andy and Sue will see each other at 8 o'clock tomorrow.   ÂÂÂřÂÂȝÂŝřâ’Â’
Stewart and Shari are upset about a comment made by a politician about the forestry department. They both agree that the politician is ignorant and should be voted out of office. They plan to volunteer to get out the vote and find a good candidate to replace him.
Lydia added a man on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. She viewed his profile and found out that he was engaged. She is trying to ignore him, but he is still texting her. Lydia doesn't want to talk to him as they work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm. Kelsey congratulates Daria on her new job and congratulates her. Daria thanks Kelsey for congratulating her and they both express their happiness and appreciation for each other's well-wishes.
Sarah's request for a PTO request was denied due to the high number of requests this week. Boris offered to give her first choice of dates the week after, but Sarah was too low on the totem pole. She asked to amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday. Boris agreed and asked her to come to his assistant to initial the change.
Blair and Chuck are meeting with the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order seafood tagliatelle and Blair agrees to it. They both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane and joke about it.
Alan sent an email to Ruth, but she didn't respond to it. He sent it again and asked her to let him know if she couldn't open the attachment. Ruth finally got it and didn't have trouble opening it, which Alan was happy about.
Payne and Oscar will meet at Tristano's for a coffee in half an hour, and Payne will be there in 15 minutes. They will meet in the coffee shop in half-an-hour. They both agreed to meet there and will see each other there.
Frank and Hope express their love for each other, and Frank hopes that it will last. Hope responds with a heart emoji and Frank reassures her that he loves her too. They exchange affectionate emojis and end the conversation with "I love you too."
Luke asked Gina to send him a picture of the parrot she painted yesterday. She sent him a photo, but asked him to send a better quality PDF file. Luke complimented her on her talent and she sent him another photo. They both thanked each other.
Tina and Steve plan to have pasta for dinner, but Tina needs to do some shopping after work. They agree to do it together and meet in the car park to do the shopping. They express their love for each other and plan to see each other later.
Rudi and Henrietta are discussing Donald Trump's latest video and interview. They both find him to be a jerk and wonder if he will say something that will get him kicked out of the White House. They also wonder where the limit is for what he can say.
Cole and Luis are in the same room. Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate until Cole says it to him face-to-face. Luis is not going to text an idiot who is sitting just a few inches away from him in the room.
Daniel tells his sister Kate that he passed his driving license exam and that it went well. Kate congratulates him and wishes him a happy birthday. They both express their pride in him passing the test and hope that their dad will be proud of him as well.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't be able to attend the individual meetings tomorrow because they have doctor appointments. Andrew Simmons asks them to let him know as soon as possible. The meetings will take place in Andrew's office, room 104, in room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today, but not good. Tanya was relieved to hear that as she was worried about Rosie's well-being and asked if she was feeling better, but Rosie replied that she was not feeling well today.   
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator to speak to her in French, but Veronica doesn't have any knowledge of the language. Ty expresses his pity and asks for a translator, to which Veronica responds with a "Pity."   
Emily is waiting to see her doctor with a nun and a blind crazy man, who she describes as "spooky". Adam finds it amusing and comments on how spooky it feels to have them waiting with her at the doctor's office. They both find it amusing.
Aquarium is kept in a safe place. Frank will help Lisa and Mary transport it. Sarah will call Mary and Lisa later to talk about it. Lisa and Sarah can't wait to see the baby's face when he gets it. Mary is happy for them.
Mario asked Conor to bring him something to eat while he's out with his friends from college. Conor agreed to get him a bucket of fries from KFC, but warned him to pay for it himself since he's going to be paying for his own food.
Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. Ditty is jet-lagged and didn't want to wake her up this morning, but Inga had some mail for him. Inga is back from work around 6 pm today and Ditty will come over to collect it.
Damian, Jacob and Mason were watching the Chelsea game. Higuain scored twice for Huddersfield against Chelsea. Damian is happy for the team, but Mason and Jacob don't think it's going to be a turning point for them. They wish each other good luck.
Jay convinced Ruth and Paulette to join him and Joe for a concert in Kenya. Joe doesn't have the money to buy tickets, but Jay will lend him some money and he will refund him later. They joke about Jay hooking up Joe with new girls every time they have a concert.
Robyn drank too much alcohol last night and is feeling better today. Samantha is worried about Robyn's eyes and behaviour. She doesn't want to offend Robyn by suggesting that she took drugs, but Robyn denies it and apologizes for overindulging.
Darcy asked Adam if he had been to Egypt, but Adam hadn't. Darcy mentioned that Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam agreed that it would be worthwhile if Aaron was careful.
Gino is trying to decide whether to wear the white or the black shirt. Renee advises him to stick with the black pants and see if he has another colored shirt. Gino doesn't want to look like a waiter, so Renee suggests he wear blue trousers, a white shirt, and brown shoes.
James offered to give Richard a ride to his destination. Richard agreed and asked for a specific time to arrive, which James agreed to at 6:15 pm. Richard confirmed that he would be waiting for him at James' destination and James thanked him for the ride.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play. Ella asked Caleb to send her a photo via email, and Caleb agreed to do so. She expressed her appreciation for Maya's costume and asked for the photo to be sent via email.
Javier reminded Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives so everyone knows he was there. Marco agreed to do so and Javier complimented him on his quick response. They both expressed their happiness with each other's presence and wished each other a good time.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night. Michelle will pick Josh up at 7. They are both excited to see each other at the movies, and Josh and Michelle both agree to meet at 7 o'clock to go to the cinema together. 
Yaz and Tania are going to the pub on Friday at 8ish. Sophie and her boyfriend are considering breaking up before Uni. Yaz needs high grades for his A Levels and getting into Exeter University. Tania hopes Yaz is suited to become a doctor.
Anna expresses her frustration with studying and how it makes her feel miserable when it comes to facing reality. Jerry tries to look for positives and jokes about dark humour to make her feel better. They both agree that ignorance is bliss and that the less you know the happier you are.
Jacks and Robin discussed a poker platform called Bulls Eye. Jacks played on it several times and made a few bucks on it. He sent Robin links to some good sites to read up on the game. Robin asked for tips, but Jacks didn't have any.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how Ulrich has been a great friend to him over the years. Sergio is nervous about giving the speech, but Ralph assures him that he will do well and Ulrich will know he put a lot of thought into it.
Edward doesn't want to go on a business trip tomorrow. Lauren and Kate are going with their boss. They are also going to an expo, which Kate doesn't like. They have to pretend to be nice for people coming to their booth, but they have to go anyway.
Robert asked Gabriel if he was still at work and invited him to grab coffee with Darek, but Gabriel didn't respond. Gabriel apologized for his late response and said he quit the office about a month ago. They briefly talked about Robert's visit to his old friends and where Gabriel is now.
Susan asked Tom to pick up Becky from school because she has a fever and needs him to take her to her mother's house since she doesn't have the car and can't leave the office earlier. Tom agreed to do it since he needs to finish a project on time.
Ethan, Noah, Archie and Leo are going to see Solstafir on Wednesday 21st. Noah might have to stay late at work, but he wants to go. Archie is not going, but Leo is going. Noah will let them know if he can make it.
Marleen is looking for a present for Rita and asks Barry for ideas. Barry doesn't have any ideas, so Marleen suggests a yellow silk kerchief with yellow pattern, which costs 39 at Kaiser's. They decide to split the cost 50/50.
Johnatan, Darren, and Lucas are going for a beer. Lucas is free in the evening, and Darren and Johnatan want to meet up for some beer. They are excited to hang out with each other and have already agreed to meet for a drink.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow, but the cake is still not ready. Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra will start decorating the decorations in the morning after kids go to grandma. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Laura didn't get any replies, but she solved it. She's on an island called Linate. Sarah is at the same hotel. Rafael was swamped and forgot to text Laura back, but he's on the same island as Laura and she's there too.
Adam is going in for an exam in 10 minutes. Dave wishes him good luck and assures him that everything will be fine. Adam expresses his fear of exams, but Dave reassures him that everyone is nervous but they believe in him and keep their fingers crossed.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her what's going on. Lena will wait for him at home. Paul will give her the keys back when he's back home.   ÂÂÂ˚
Bob and Nigel both like Felix Laband and went to the concert of him in Paris last night. Nigel enjoyed the concert very much, and Lena asked if it was good and Nigel agreed that it was very good. They all agreed that they like him very much.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison Park and Bradley shared a video of it with Jill and Julia. They both found it amusing and joked about it. Bradley added a commentary to the video and said it was the best entertainment Everton fans have had this season.
Ewan tells his uncle Jayson that he graduated, and his uncle congratulates him and wishes him well. Ewan thanks him and jokingly calls him "Gradiated" to which his uncle responds with a laughing face emoji and a smiley face.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is not in the EU, so they will have a proper border control without a passport. They planned to go to Mostar and the mountains, so Brian will pack his passport. Daniel is packing for the trip and Michael is mostly done.
Ross wants to do karaoke tonight and Chandler agrees to join him. Chandler offers to record everything and asks if Ross wants to sing George Michael. Ross agrees to do it and they joke around about it. They both agree to have fun and have fun.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to a party. Poppy doesn't like parties because they make her tired. Harry and Poppy both like travelling and sightseeing for fun, and they both agree that sightseeing is on Harry's list of things to do.
Gyle is on his way to see Brook about something that happened yesterday, but Brook warns him that it's bad and tells him to come home. Gyle asks if it's something bad and Brook confirms that it is, and Gyle responds with a "yes."
Kate and Regina had a good feedback from their presentation. There were 3 people who came to listen to it. Milena and Kate agreed that a small but interested audience is better than random bored people, and Regina added that it will be cosy and friendly.
Sean and Zac will come over to Barbara's house. Sean will bring his dog. Zac is on his way. Barbara will let Sean stay over overnight and he will take care of the dog. Barbara is happy to have him over and invites him to stay overnight.
Kyle and Quinn are going out tonight after school is over. Kyle is leaving school at Easter. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle works for his Uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year.
Dick and Frank are going to see an apt in building 32/3. Frank offers to talk Dick into buying it so they can be neighbors. Dick will be putting down 10% of his down payment. Frank has a contractor that does everything and he's dirt cheap. Dick and Frank will meet in 30 minutes.
Steven and Mia are going to watch a movie at 9 pm and grab something to eat before it. They will meet at 8 pm to go to a Chinese restaurant for dinner, as Mia always wants to see a movie before going to the cinema.   
Lilly invited Marshall to go out with her tonight, but he declined because he couldn't afford it. Lilly offered to pay for him, but Marshall declined, saying he wouldn't let a woman pay for himself. Lilly invited him over to watch Netflix instead.
James is angry with the coach of the team and has already texted him. Tony is not happy about it, but James doesn't give a damn and doesn't want to talk to the coach anymore. Tony agrees that the coach is annoying at times, but he really is good.
Stuart is in trouble because he gave Priscilla the wrong disc for Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Alex, Stuart's IT friend, downloaded Open Office and other programs and put them on a CD instead of on a disc. Stu will tell him.
Rita asked Helen for information on her client Salvage Industries, which is into waste disposal. Helen confirmed that the company is legit and offered to double-check if they have any PR problems. Rita thanked Helen for her help and they ended the conversation cordially.
Ginger needs sugar. Phylis is baking a pie. She invites Ginger to come over to help her bake a pie, and Ginger agrees to come right over to her place to get some sugar and help her make some pie crusts.   
Anthony invited Robert to grab a beer, but Robert was with his kids now. They agreed to meet up around 9 pm with Andrew, but Anthony couldn't make it because he was going on a date with his girlfriend. Robert wished Anthony a good time and wished him to enjoy his evening.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job, but Nate can't help as he's at work. She's already watched everything on YouTube. Nate will call her when he gets off work and offer to help her find something to do, but he doubts it.
Jake pulled his first TOTW this year. He's going to try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for his squads. He'll sell it and use the coins to buy someone that fits. Tom's pull luck sucks this year and he doesn't have any great players.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop at the moment. Victoria has a tablet with 2gb ram, but it's not enough for recording. They need to borrow a laptop from someone. Victoria will get back to Rosemary later.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He thanked Cass for the £20. Cass asked him if he still likes Thomas the Tank Engine. Jordan said he will always love him. Cass told him to get him a football one for his 11th birthday.
Jane will be 10 minutes late due to the bus running late. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance. She will bring the file with the xerox copies. They hope it will be useful. It's their last chance to get through to them.
Ken is feeling depressed and stressed out today. He had a bad day yesterday and is feeling overwhelmed and burned out. Ellen is worried about him and asks if she can do anything, but Ken says he'll be fine and doesn't want to bring her down.
Phil and Constantine received a card from Deana. Deana found a pair of sunglasses in the back seat of Constantine's car and asked Phil if he wanted to keep them. Constantine was happy to receive the card, but Deana thought the sunglasses belonged to Cathreen. However, Cathreen denied that they belonged to her, so Deana offered to keep the sunglasses for Adrian.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month and he's going to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will see him on Saturday and Friday. Alice has a yoga class at 6:30 pm on Friday and Kim will be there after 8 pm. 
Jessica tells her friends about the Capuchin Catacombs in Palermo in Italy where there are 8000 corpses and they can look at them like museum exhibits. Most of them were exhibited in their clothes, except for skulls and hands. Mickey and Ollie are writing it down.
Maria and Spencer catch up on each other's lives. Spencer is busy with work and commissions, while Maria is bored at work and wants to start freelancing. Spencer shares his tips on how to get new clients and mentions that he gets around £1000 of work a month before commission and tax. Maria expresses her admiration for Spencer's talent and hopes to get some freelancing opportunities in the future.
Tim asked Joe for advice on organizing a newbie gaming evening and what games to bring. Joe suggested starting games before drinking and avoiding over-complicated or complicated games. He also suggested choosing cooperative games like Arkham Horror, Robinson Crusoe, Pandemic, and Codenames or Catan. Finally, he suggested talking to potential attendees about their tastes and experiences.
Richard and Anne are working on a project due on 15 December. Holy is out of town but will be back on Monday. Richard, Anne and Holy will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow to start planning. Holy will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard.
Russ asks Gurdun if he's feeling better and if he'll be back at the uni this week, to which he replies that he's not sure, but hopes to be back on Wednesday. They talk about how they're feeling, and Russ mentions that his team won the last match. They say their goodbyes and plan to catch up later.
Leo shared a video file with Charlie and Oliver, and they all laughed and joked about it. Leo's favorite part was the random part, and Oliver found it amusing. Charlie had mixed feelings about it, but eventually found it too much for him to watch.
Mummy, Thessalia and Mike wish each other a Merry Christmas and a happy celebration of Christmas. They are joining in prayer and their hearts are celebrating Christmas with each other. They ask God to help them and pray for peace and joy for all of them.
Samara doesn't have anything new to share with JP. She invites him to play with her, but he declines as he has to go to work. They exchange pleasantries and say their goodbyes before ending the conversation with a brief exchange of greetings.
Michael apologizes to Tom for not being able to make it to work today, but Tom agrees to call him tomorrow. Michael apologizes again and says he can't leave the office before 8 pm, but promises to call Tom the next day to reschedule.
Dan asked Kevin to buy him a sandwich on his way to work, and Kevin agreed to do so. Dan thanked him for the offer and wished him a good day. Kevin acknowledged the request with a smiley face and a reply of "thank you." 
Simon and Charlie share a photo of an immigration policy that reduces safety level for citizens of EU. They express their admiration for Poles and their determination to defend their values and interests. They agree that Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism.
Tilly had to go to school for detention. She will be home in about 40 minutes. Sam asked Tilly's mum if she got a text informing her of the detention, but she didn't. Sam is going back to his house and Tilly will call him when she's home.
Mell and Gloria plan to have a BBQ at Mell's place at the weekend. They discuss the weather and extend the terrace of Mell's garden. Gloria offers to help with food and drinks, while Mell offers to get dessert. They also talk about Tad's sister, who moved away to Scotland.
Whitney invited Hailey to go to I-max cinemas with Shadrack and his girlfriend. Hailey agreed and asked if Whitney planned to take her to see Aqua Man. They agreed to meet up on the day Aqua Man is released and plan to go together.
Jacob got a punchbag and Jenny got training shoes for Christmas. George got a cooking pot from his wife, who wants him to help her in the kitchen. Jenny wishes her husband was a better cook and thinks it's sexy when a guy can cook well.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat and offered to buy a new one. Hudson asked him to send him a picture of the broken hinge. Lincoln apologized and said he would try to replace it with a new hinge and let Hudson know if it works. Hudson didn't seem upset and told Lincoln not to worry about it.
Kayla asked Katherine what time she was going to bring her daughter. Katherine said she would have to ask her dad and get back to her later. Kayla reassured her that there was no problem since she finished work at 11, and Katherine confirmed that it was around 11.
Lorena asked Martin for help with assembly instructions for her new desk. Martin offered to help but couldn't do it today, so they agreed to do it tomorrow instead. Lorena thanked him for his help and asked him to let her know when he can come over.
Ralph asked Everett for Amy's phone number and Everett agreed to give it to him. Everett introduced Amy to Ralph at the pub last week and he's a tall, brown-haired man with a weird laugh. Amy is unsure if Ralph is a psycho but agrees to give him her number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane are going to chill at home. Ross will work for 3 hours. Ross's career depends on it. Diane doesn't want to disturb Ross's work. Ross is upset with Diane for starting again.
Ed tells his friends that sex is only for married people and that it's a sin if it's anything other than missionary style. Chris, Chris, Atnee, Jessica, Lor, and Atnee mock Ed's attitude, while Matt jokes about going to hell.
Cristina and Gaya will meet up next week to discuss the shoot. They will meet at Gaya's studio. Cristina is free on Wednesday and Friday next week, so they can meet at her studio instead of meeting at Cristina's place.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw, Poland next July. Matt, Tony and Phil want to go. The cheapest tickets start from pln 250, which is not too expensive for Bon Jovi. Tony and Matt would like to go soon. Phil will think about it and let Matt know soon.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally. Ashley didn't have any food. Eric and Gerardo cooked chicken and asparagus. Eric removed Gerardo and Eric removed them from the transaction. Sara didn't eat and there are no leftovers for her.
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight. Harper will buy a bottle of wine, a take-away and stay in for the evening. Camila will order a meal from the restaurant they talked about last time. They will see each other later.
Harry will be late to May's birthday party. Michael and Vanessa are still on their way. Peter is stuck in a traffic due to a serious accident. May and Michael are already there. Harry is in the same traffic as them. May, Michael, Vanessa and Peter will come to the party together.
Callan's Samsung S8 has a black screen. It overheats and takes a while for it to restart. Callan is going to the store and let them see it since it's still under warranty. He always back up his files before using it.
Mike is in London and shows Jake a photo of his place. Jake congratulates him and wishes him a good trip. Mike responds with a "yes mate" and Jake responds with "cool" and a "congratulation" message. They exchange pleasantries and end the conversation.
Andrea's son is sick and she needs to take him to the doctor, so she can't come to work today. Patrick offers to take care of him for the next couple of days, and Andrea thanks him for his understanding and wishes him a speedy recovery.
Phil is in a huge queue in a shop. He asks Nancy to make an apple pie and she agrees to do it. Phil will be home in an hour. Nancy has everything she needs for the pie and it will be in the oven when Phil arrives.
Bryan has asked his manager to send the payment to Piper tonight. Piper will be waiting for the payment. Bryan's client liked Piper's work and he hopes to work with her long term with him. ÂÂÂœPiper and Bryan will meet tonight.
Clay and Richie are excited about Pogba's strike and hope his form lasts. They both agree that Pogba is more mature this season and deserved to score after his first 60 minutes after Jose's trust in him. They plan to reward Pogba with a reward.
Sybille is trying to register for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th, but she is experiencing issues with Delta Airlines. Air France offers to postpone the flight, but it could take up to 24 hours. Sybille's 16-year-old son is stuck in the airport with no ticket and has to leave his luggage behind.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book a flight before it gets more expensive. They will book it today and Lara and Natalia agree to do it today. They are going to book the flight today and they will go to the airport together today.  
Hans invited Slade to come to the practice and asked him to bring the ball as well. Slade agreed to come and Hans joked that they didn't have the ball at the practice, but Slade expressed his disappointment in not being able to bring it.
Holt asked his friends what to get his sister for her 21st birthday. His friends suggested getting her a set of DVDs or book series and cosmetics. They agreed that they would all be happy with a gift that fits everyone's preferences, and Holt suggested cosmetics.
Georgia showed her friends a photo of herself and asked for their opinion. Roxana encouraged her to buy it, while Summer complimented her and suggested she wear it to parties. Georgia agreed to try it out and shared her opinion with her friends in the comments section below.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow and needs to rest. Aaron sympathizes with her and suggests that she should take some time off. Miley expresses her desire for rest and Aaron responds with a playful remark about Miley being a "fighting girl."
Greg asked Nina if he could stay at her place during his business trip and she agreed. They exchanged greetings and plans to see each other soon. Nina asked if they could pick him up from somewhere, but Greg declined as he will be going directly to work and spending two days there before going back to the city. They agreed to keep in touch.
Amir and Amal discussed Beyonce's tweet and both agreed that Beyonce is wonderful and that she is a great example of what Beyonce should be. They both expressed their admiration for her and wished each other a good day and ended the conversation on a positive note.
Alec and Alexa discuss America's Got Talent and Alec recommends Alexa to watch it. Alexa watches it and likes it. Alec thinks the girl on the show is amazing and thinks she might win the edition. Alexa wishes she had half her skills when she was her age.
John sent the rent money to someone else's account instead of his own. He will have to go to the bank tomorrow and ask if they can re-send it to the right account. Kelly still hasn't received the money yet and she needs it for rent.
James is going to work. Hannah asked if he was watching the game, but James declined and said he was going to go to work instead. Hannah agreed to let him know that he wasn't watching it.   Â. ÂÂÂ.
Lilian is at Helen's place because her phone battery died. Her mom has been calling her all day asking where she is. She called them and told them she is there. Kevin will check in with her later to make sure that she is okay. 
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert and asked him to do the music. Freddy agreed to do it and asked for backing tracks for the things he likes to sing. Simon agreed to send him three tracks and Freddy offered to play guitar for one or two of them.
Tommy's mom didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take the bus to school. Tommy thanks Wayne for the weekend and they plan to do it again. Wayne will send him pictures of the weekend. They plan to talk later in the evening.
Tobias invited Trevor to grab a beer after work and they agreed to meet at Tobias's place at 9 pm. Trevor agreed to the plan, and Tobias agreed to join him at his place. They both agreed that it sounded like a good idea to meet up after work.
Autumn asked Israel if he had sewn anything, but he hadn't had the time yet. Autumn showed him a picture of a dress she had made, but Israel hadn't seen it before. Autumn promised to post photos of the dress on the site soon, and Israel was excited to see it.
Frances and Henny exchanged New Year's greetings and shared photos from Frances' holiday in the Vosges. Frances had a great time and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local restaurant. Henny wished Frances and Ferdinand a happy New Year.
Paula and Stewart are discussing a game with super hard levels. Paula can't get past 637 no matter what she does. Stewart suggests looking up the cheats online, which Paula thinks is a brilliant idea. They both agree that the game is not fun at all.
There's an ad coming up for a computer investigator job that pays almost 80 thou. Bethany can't imagine talking to stupid users all day, but Calum jokes that it's better than asking if they want fries with that. They both find it hard to find a job in such a specialized field.
Jackie's sister got pregnant and Jackie is worried about her. She doesn't think her brother-in-law earns enough money for his kids. Jackie's sister's plan was to have a baby 2 years later. Jackie feels lucky that she didn't get married yet.
Mike, Sean, Joseph, and Joseph are discussing who's going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Sean has never managed to make it, while Joseph is having a nightmare. Mike and the others make notes, but they don't want to share them with Sean.
Anna has a stomachache and it won't stop. She ate the usual breakfast of cereal with milk and a banana. Joanna is in her room. Anna will get her a hot tea with fresh mint leaves and she will be there in ten minutes. 
Dolph reminded Ziggler to bring his passport to the wrestling event tomorrow, and Zigglers agreed to do so. Dolph wished him good luck and wished him a good luck as well, to which he replied with a smiley face emoticon.
Kate and Jeff are in the little room next to the reception. A woman is making a cake with a huge penis, balls, and chocolate hair. She is working in the small room under the stairs. Sam is going to see it. Jeff and Kate are downstairs.
Larry and Kirsten are discussing an insurance vote. Kirsten is willing to talk to "old heads" and "risk mitigation" on the matter. Larry will take a look at the email and get back to her. She will post it on Sunday. Larry wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year.
Chloe's mom asked her to go for a walk with the dog when she gets home, but Chloe wasn't sure when she would be home because she was going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley reminded her that she didn't ask if she could go, and Chloe reminded her again that she had already told Megan that she was coming over. Eventually, Lesley agreed to let the dog out and suggested that Chloe could see Megan afterwards.
Natalie asked if her wallet was in her room, but Jenny wasn't home. Tobias checked and found it in the room. Natalie was relieved to find it there and thanked Tobias for the tip-off. She also shared a photo of her wallet with Tobias.
Rob is looking for Phil, but Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person. Phil is out of town, but he will be in Rob's office first thing tomorrow morning to discuss something urgent with him.
Martin and Nicole need to talk, but Nicole is too busy with work to meet up. Martin wants to break up with Nicole because he's asexual and doesn't want her to be unhappy. Nicole is surprised but doesn't think it will be a problem.
Mike woke up in a strange condition and shared a photo of it with Emma, who asked if it was an allergy, to which Mike replied that it probably was, but didn't know what it was. They both expressed uncertainty about the cause of the condition.
David wants to get a new tattoo but doesn't know what to get. He was thinking of a scull and rose tattoo on his back, but Mike joked that everyone does it. David wants to add something more personal to the tattoo. Mike will go get one with him.
William asked Olivia to buy some fresh tomatoes and chocolate for spaghetti dinner. Beth agreed to get some chocolate for after dinner as well, and Olivia agreed to buy the tomatoes and chocolates for her and William's friend Beth. They both agreed to do it.
The road from the swimming pool to Waitrose is blocked off due to work vans. Karen advises Peter to avoid it as she got stuck after yoga. Peter needs to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow, and Karen offers to help if he needs it.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have and need it for an application. Nick usually uses his mobile service and doesn't watch anything while at home. Matt will figure it out and let Nick know when he remembers when he's able to connect.
Baron, Gabriel, and Gavin are going to a tennis match next week. Gabriel's tutor wants to join them. They will sign up on Baron's calendar. Gavin and Gabriel will add people from their group to the match. They are excited about it.
Mia, Jennifer, Peter and Karine are discussing Donald Trump. They think he's not as senile and stupid as they'd like to believe and that he's trying to create a populist strategy to scare people with a minority and present himself as the only savior.
Madison shared an offer with Adam and Taylor about discounted tickets to Thailand. The tickets cost a lot, but the rest of the tickets are extra cheap, and children under 12 are 50% off. Jordan and Taylor agreed that the offer seemed good to them. 
Tina and Demi are discussing how to transfer from hating men to having sex with them. Tina wants to meet Patrick, who is constantly being suggested on Facebook. Demi works on it hard after a heartbreak, but currently she likes men. Tina only likes one type of man.
Freddie asked Winnie if she was coming to visit them soon, but Winnie informed him that her Nanna had broken her leg and he would have to visit her instead. They agreed to ask Mummy and Daddy and they will come when they can.
Mark invited his friends to see "Batman. New Beginning" this Saturday at 7. Clint and Phil agreed to go, and Mark offered to get tickets for them all. They all agreed to the plan, and Clint expressed his excitement about seeing "Batman New Beginning."
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinning room. It is caused by condensation, as most of the moist settles on and around the windows. Andy recommends installing a fan system to dilute and take some moisture out of the air. Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work via email by Friday.
Warren confirmed that he had locked the door. Gina thanked him for doing so and ended the conversation with a smiley face emoticon and a "thank you" emoticon. "Gina's" response was a similar emoticon with the word "gina" in it.
Aaron is going to a conference about relations at school in Sesame Street. He's giving two lectures and is also a host. Claire will go to Jo's lecture on teamwork workshop. Aaron took a mindfullness workshop in Berlin last year with the same guy.
Rob wants to sell his flat as it's too small for him and his partner to have a baby. Kate offers to buy it and Rob offers to give her a discount. They plan to move to a three-bed flat to save money when they decide to have another baby.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function, but Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come. Allison asks Evan to do something to make Ethan come, and Evan agrees to do so. Allison thanks Evan for his help and says "K."
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry from Sicily to Naples yesterday. Charlie wants to meet her again. Daisy is going to San Fransisco from 1-5 of September. Charlie will take a train to Florence. Daisy and Charlie are looking forward to seeing each other.
Kode recommends Adele a song that he recommended to her. Adele is listening to it and Kode has it in his music library for 3 years. Kode suggests Adele some other songs from the same singer and gives her the whole album in USB. They agree to meet at Adele's home when Kode is free.
Maddie asked Ian about Claire, but he didn't know her. Leah told Maddie that Ian dumped Claire years ago. Ian doesn't remember his past girlfriends named Claire. Maddie will ask Claire next time. Ian apologized for the confusion and wished Maddie well.
Violet is going on vacation and is looking for a good waxing salon in the neighbourhood. Paisley has been to one and found it to be painful and painful. She advises Violet to start with leg waxing or sugaring. Violet is scared to get Brazilian waxing.
Suzy asked Linda to follow her on Instagram and Linda agreed to do so. Suzy complimented Linda on her pictures and Linda thanked her with a smiley face and a "you're welcome" message. They exchanged pleasantries and wished each other good luck.
Sean, Rick, John, and Sean remind Rick and John about the trade deadline today. John is considering Lamar Jackson, but he's not sure if he has rights to him since he's on waivers. John might drop the QB rule after the season. 
Lisa asked if anyone had heard of a diet, but Victoria and Amelia hadn't. Amelia's mom was on the diet and gained 5 pounds. Lisa was glad that she asked and sent a GIF to show her interest in the diet. They both agreed that it seemed interesting.
Carrie, Gina and Alex are discussing Fantastic Beast. Gina liked Eddie Redmayne's performance as Newt in the movie. Alex is considering going to see it with Lane this weekend, but he's seen some bad reviews. Carrie and Gina agree that the movie was decent but not great.
Amelia asked Emily what her favourite color is, but she couldn't reveal it. Emily was curious and asked for more information, but Amelia couldn't give it to her. Emily expressed her curiosity and Amelia apologized for not being able to give any more information.
Mary moved to Southampton in December, according to Maria and Louis, who confirmed it to Jenny and Louis that Mary moved there in that month. Mary lives in Southampton with her partner, Mary, and her daughter, Mary Anne. Mary Anne lives with Mary Anne in Southampton.
A group of friends discuss a teacher who got fired and thrown out of school. They speculate that the teacher may have lost his temper or had one too many drinks. However, they all express their happiness that he's no longer their teacher anymore and express their relief.
Alex and Pedro are discussing Batman and Superman. Alex likes the idea that Batman can do almost anything, while Pedro doesn't get it. They both agree that Batman's speed opens up the whole multiverse for him, and Pedro understands Alex's point of view.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his ass in a shopping mall escalator. Adam was not impressed with it and called it "creepy" for taking pictures on his own. Marek defended himself as a gay man, but Adam called him a creep.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark won't go to the river bank parties tonight. They will have drinks at Daniel's place since his sister Hannah is visiting. They haven't seen her in 14 years.    Mark will get his drink.
Bart bombed his economy final and ended up with a bad score due to not studying as much as he should have. Adrian suggests he re-take the class next year, but Bart plans on doing that unless he keeps screwing up. Adrian didn't do as bad as Bart did this semester and ended with a reasonable grade. Bart started playing StarCraft during school and wasted a lot of time.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet. Don asked Margot what she bought for Nancy, and Margot replied with "a bottle of nice wine." Yvonnne didn't buy anything.
Lindsay and her family came to Elliot's birthday party and Amelia thanked them for coming. Lindsay assured Amelia that Finlay had a great time and thanked her for having them. Amelia expressed gratitude and thanked them again. Lindsay also expressed her happiness for Finlay's good time.
Jennifer invited Jack and Reece to watch "Mad Max: Fury Road" on Netflix with her tomorrow evening. They both agreed to watch it and both agreed that it was a great movie. Jennifer was happy to hear that they were going to watch the movie together.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise as everyone has one now. Tiffany suggests that he might be haunted, and Sean jokes that she would be a wasp, which would explain why she's not sure if he's a turtle or wasp.
Mary is happy to be back and happy to have a baby girl named Susie. Henry congratulates her and asks for a photo of the baby. Mary sends him a file photo of Susie and Henry sends his congratulations. Mary thanks him for the message.
Patti's cat is fine and she will pick her up later from the vets. Patti will fetch the cage after work and will be there at 5 pm. Greg thanks her for checking on the cat and wishes her well. They say their goodbyes.
Kate is at the grocery store. George and Kate will get an apple for school tomorrow. Tangerines are coming next week, so they will have to wait for them to be available for George to get one too. ÂÂÂřÂœ
Sam is interested in the earphones and asks Lia if they are available. Lia confirms that they are and offers to have them delivered to him through courier for £4 (pay on delivery). Sam asks if he can collect them personally, but Lia informs him that it's difficult as the product can only be collected in Garstang. Sam requests the white earphones, which cost £187 but Lia cannot lower the price due to company policy. The product generally arrives the next day, but in rare instances it can take longer.
Kelly asked if she should wear a red dress and Meghan and Mary agreed. Mary also suggested wearing bright, red lipstick. Kelly joked about Mary being "bloody Mary" and they both laughed and agreed to wear red dresses and bright red lipstick for the event.
Kate asked to borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday. Emilly agreed and offered to bring it to the office the next day. Kate thanked her sister and Emilly replied with a smiley face and a "yes, always."  
Gina asked Monica if she had a free USB, and Monica confirmed that she did. Gina asked to come up to Monica's office and was told to go to room 112, which is on the second floor. Monica also informed Gina that the free USB was ready.
Nathan wants to buy a bike for himself in spring. Aubrey suggests hanging it on the wall, but Nathan doesn't want to. Nathan also got a stationary bike to stay in shape during winter. Nathan does 25 kilometers everyday and plans to do 100 kilometers for the summer.
Parker asked Jason about the Arrowverse and found out that it's connected to the DC Universe. They both like the DC universe better than the Marvel Universe. Parker asked Jason if he had downloaded the latest episode of "Arrow" season 7 and asked him to text him when it was finished downloading. Jason reminded Parker to bring a USB device.
Michael and Kai catch up on each other's lives. Kai works too much and travels a lot. Michael has been on a 2-week long trip to Argentina, Brazil, and Chile and is in Boston next weekend. Michael is tired of work and considering resigning, but needs to talk to his manager first. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Carol offered Jacob some fruit from her garden, but Jacob asked if she was going to eat it and suggested making preserves with it. Carol declined, saying she didn't have time to do everything. Jacob agreed to pick up the fruit on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly and Luca are having a silly conversation about the silly season. Molly is struggling to think, but Luca encourages her to try harder and reminds her not to let it get her down. They both agree that it's a silly season and that they are both trying hard.
Janette tells her mom that she has mice in her kitchen and doesn't know how to tell her. Her mom expresses her love for Janette and asks what's new. Janette doesn't have any other information to share with her mom at the moment.
Madison asked Lawrence if he was through with the article, but Lawrence said he would be in a few minutes. Madison reminded Lawrence that the piece was needed by today, and Lawrence agreed to get back to her once he was done with his own article. They said goodbye.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. Ronald wants her to call him when she gets back because he has something to tell her. Julia can see the giraffe from Skittles comercial.
Guido has trouble understanding Agata's posts on Facebook because he doesn't know anything about Java. Agata explains to Guido that it's JavaScript, not Java, which Guido finds hard to understand. Guido asks Agata if her husband complains about her new job, but Agata denies it.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks time. It took them 3 months. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up. She has already told her mum. 
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19. It's very different from the one in FIFA 18. There are a lot of things that are different in this mode, such as champions league. Sam calls it CHAMPION'S LEAGUE BABY.
Damian asked Ethan if he could buy him a kebab because he was starving. Ethan agreed to buy him one, but Damian asked for a break because he had a rough day. Ethan didn't appreciate Damian's behavior and wished him to stop being such a parasite.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he will arrive in less than 24 hours. Hannah will prepare something for dinner tomorrow. Adam will see his family tomorrow. It's been half a year since Adam's last visit and he misses them. He will see them tomorrow.
Matthew has a cold and needs Lisa's support. Lisa advises him to fight it with orange juice and make some soup. It's an allergy mixed up with a virus. Matthew thanks Lisa and takes a rest before hitting the hay. Lisa wishes Matthew a good night.
Joyce asked if she could take the car to get Harry, but Kyle declined as he had to go to the mechanic because the car was making a strange noise. Joyce then asked if Kyle could get Harry on his way, but he was already running late. Kyle agreed to take Harry by bus instead and Joyce thanked him.
Bailey shares a file with Mikaela. Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet and she keeps buying new stuff. Bailey's closet got too small and now the fabric is creeping onto the shelves. She's bought 4 boxes of fabric so far.
Susan had a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. Toby proposed to Susan and she said yes. They spent most time walking along the seaside and enjoying the scenery. Melissa is happy for Susan and happy for Toby.
Eva's mom is having fun with her grand daughter Linta and they are enjoying each other's company. Eva will leave in an hour to go to a party, but her mom wants her to stay with her for a day as her grandchild, Jones, loves her. Eva agrees and asks her mom to make a bottle of milk.
Jack apologized for being 10 minutes late, but Laura assured him that she would wait for him inside and Jack agreed to wait for her as long as she needed to be inside the building. They exchanged pleasantries and said their goodbyes before ending the conversation.
Melissa is not okay with men acting like pigs and grabbing women whenever they feel like it. Breonna asks why she's saying this, and Melissa explains that it makes men afraid to be masculine in general. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her. Christine asks if men aren't allowed to be men, and Holly agrees with Melissa. Michelle is not one of those fruit loop "feminists" who speak for herself.
Zoe shared a video file with Frank. Frank expressed his love for her and wished her a good day, to which Zoe responded with a smiley face and a reply of "I love you, babe" Frank then ended the conversation with a kiss emoji.
Stefano and Josie discuss the novel "Foucault's Pendulum" by Michel Foucault. Josie finds it weird that it was written by an Italian guy, but Stefano defends it as "the king of nerds" and mentions that not all Italian books are about pizza, mafia and mandolino. They also discuss Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum, which he compared to a computer game.
Evan cancels his lesson with Dennis due to illness. He has been off college since Tuesday and will reschedule for next Thursday. Dennis wishes Evan a speedy recovery and asks him to let him know in good time if he can't make it. Evan thanks Dennis.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park at around 9 p.m. Patrick and Camille will join her. They will go to the concert and then go to a party together later in the evening. Patrick will join Amanda and Patrick.
Bobby complains to Mickey about pharmaceutical companies inventing illnesses and mints being sold as medical products. The pharmaceutical industry is estimated to be worth at least $1.2 billion. Bobby suspects that the industry has been lying to us for a long time. 
Dave asked Greg if he had any notes from statistics, but Greg didn't have any. Dave sent him a file containing his notes. Greg thanked Dave for his help and joked about him being a smartass. They both agreed that notes don't write themselves.
Sally is not coming along with Mark because she is feeling unwell. Mark offers to pick her up if she changes her mind, but she declines. Mark jokes about killing off Sally's character, but Sally asks him not to as she just got all her spells and spells.
Joy invited Sandy to join her for a friday evening event at 11am on Friday. Sandy agreed and asked if Joy would be ready at 11 am as she was going for a run. Sandy mentioned that she might be late as she had to take a shower. Sandy asked about Joy's friend Lina's opinion on dresses. Lina found them nice but thought they had too much cleavage. Sandy apologized for Joy's husband.
It's raining. Val and Candy are going to wait half an hour to see if the rain stops and then decide if they want to go. Candy will call Val then to let him know if they're going to meet up with the rest of the group.
Ted found plasters and kept them until this morning after his shower. Aude thinks he looks sexy with them. Susie reminds Aude of a memory from Poland and Aude comments that Ted must look sexy with the plasters he found this morning. 
Kyle asked Lily and Mary to call him when they have a minute to spare. Lily said she would call him in 10 minutes and Mary asked for a facetime. Kyle agreed to it and asked them to talk to him via Facetime. They agreed to do so.
Taylor is throwing a party at his house tomorrow at 8 PM. Harry is invited and is excited to attend, but Taylor reminds him that his parents are away. Harry expresses his excitement and Taylor encourages him not to miss the party, saying it's the party of the year.
Sierra and Jeremy haven't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checking his bank account every hour, but nothing is happening. Sierra offers to lend Tomas some money if he needs it. Tomas thanks her and hopes the grant will arrive any time soon.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. Charles is going for sausage and beer, while Camilla is going to do some work and errands on Saturday, show on Saturday night, and have a day of nothingness on Sunday.
Zoe and Xiara haven't tried applying for the RGS grant last year. Pamela wants to know if she has to be a member, but Zoe doesn't know if it depends on the award. Pamela will look at their website for more information. 
Colin informs Ava that she is shorter than penguins due to her height of 158cm. Ava is surprised and asks how tall she is. Colin tells her that penguins' average height is 162cm when they stand up, so she is officially shorter than Ava.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Bob congratulated her. Jana was impressed and asked Ursula how she managed to do it. Vaughn got a 65 on his French exam and joked that he didn't study for it, but Ursula reassured him that he passed.
Peter tells Jack about an emergency at school that turned out to be a drill involving three engines and an ambulance. Jack expresses relief that it was a drill and doesn't want to hear any more about it in the future. They both agree that it's better this way.
Perry, Marlow, Janet, Forster and Nina will go on holiday to Asia in September. Perry won tickets to the cinema. Perry and Marlow will meet with Janet and Forster tomorrow at 8 pm at Forster's place. They will visit pa first.
Lee and Andy are discussing a client manager who changed into a suit jacket and dress shirt. They speculate that he might have a date with a Russian soldier after work. Lee pre-ordered Reaper of Souls CE and got a pet for WoW and decals for SC2.
Maya asked Boris to bring home the clothes that are hanging outside since it looks like it's going to rain. Boris offered to ask Brian to take care of it since he's not home at the moment. Maya thanked him for the offer and left it at that.
Barry, Jake, Dave, and Kelly are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon to join others who have already made plans to go with Jake and his friends, and Dave and Kelly will go with them.
John and Laurel will meet up tomorrow at Jade's collection at around 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana. Diana's birthday is on Saturday, so they will go there to get something for her. John will buy something for Diana at Jade’s collection.
Rachel got a new cat named Portia, but she doesn't like it because she's allergic to cats. She's taking medication and it seems to be working. Adam assures her that it won't be a big deal if the medications are working properly. 
Matthew, Kristina, Bart and Mark are going to Mark's wedding after the wedding. They plan to have an after party at Mark's house the next day. Kristina has been to an after-party where they had leftover food from the day before and lots of liquor.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for their mother. It's a perfect present and it's not that expensive. They're going to get it for their mum. They'll buy it together.   ÂÂÂŝÂÂ
Amy looks serious at all times. Owen and Neil haven't talked to her. Penny and Owen want to meet Amy in person to talk to her in person, because she doesn't seem to be in a good mental state at the moment, according to Neil and Owen.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4. They plan to meet at the main entrance and then go to a bar. Rachel is excited to meet everyone, but she's worried they won't like her. Wai reassures her that they always welcome new people to their team. Rachel asks when she'll get to know what she's supposed to do, but Wai reminds her that some people need to make decisions later.
Robert is not in town, so Tom doesn't know who's around. Jack called Tom's penis a "dick" and Tom told him to "go to hell" Jack didn't seem happy with Tom's response and called him a "faggot."
Dorothea is celebrating her birthday today. Elena wishes her all the best and hopes all her dreams come true. Dorothea will meet Tom and they will go out to eat something in the town. Elena will see her on Saturday for her party.
Jules sent Derek a meme and asked if they had class tomorrow, but Derek didn't know what it meant and apologized for not being good at memes. Jules was confused and mistakenly said it was Friday instead of Saturday. Derek was not happy about it.
Jane asked Ainsley to help her with her thesis, but she declined due to being sick with a cold and sneezing every 2 seconds. Jane wished her a speedy recovery and hoped that she would get better soon, as she needed help with the thesis.
Felipe complimented Lydia's legs and Lydia thanked him. Felipe apologized for being sexist or offensive, but Lydia didn't find it offensive. She was happy that her months at the gym were paying off and complimented Felipe for complimenting her legs.
Mick and Amka discussed their plans for Halloween. Mick is going to a club with his friends, while Amka won't dress up. Mick had planned to go to London for Halloween with his grandparents, but they cancelled due to his grandmother's health issues. Amka doesn't celebrate Halloween in Poland.
Karine shared a video file with Jessie and they both confirmed that it was of them at kindergarten, and Karine confirmed it with a smiley face emoticon. They both expressed their excitement and excitement to see each other at school together again.   
Mae asked Cael if the dress was ready, but Cael said it wasn't ready yet. Mae expressed hope to have it ready soon, and Cael replied that it was not yet ready yet, but they hope it will be ready soon. 
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad, who is 5 years younger than her. She can't stand it when she's in one room with him and listens to music when she comes back home after class. Wanda advises her to do something about it, but Fiona is worried about what her boss would think.
The group discusses the situation in Kongo, with Tim, John, Jeremy, and Alice expressing concern about the situation there. They agree that the situation is not likely to improve any time soon due to the importance of the country's resources, which are crucial for the US, China, and others.
Margaret and Evans agreed to meet on December 4th and 11th around 10:00 or 11:00. Evans might not be in town on the 18th, so they might meet on the 14th or 17th. They agreed to set the dates later.
Bradley is too busy at work to talk to Joanne right now, but she asks him to contact her as she needs to tell him something. Bradley agrees to do so and says he will talk to her later.   ÂÂÂ˚
Iris shares a file with Pete that shows that her husband is famous. Pete jokes that it doesn't make him famous, but Iris jokes that her parents are happy for him. Pete is flattered by the attention and will be home in an hour. 
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense that involves a person who has left the group. Luke and Ken need to add that person back to their group. Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Kurt will call Ola if he's running late. Ola should be free by 8, and Kurt will call him if he is running late, as he usually is by 8:00 pm.   ÂÂÂŝÂř
Conny needs to write a paper for Mr. Fitz for next week. Conny did some research on the internet, but it wasn't very helpful. Fitz suggests that Conny should go to the library to do some research, which Conny agrees to do.
Louis and Archie are discussing a picture of Melanie. They both agree that she looks like Melanie in it. Archie suggests that Melanie was hotter when she had cury hair, but Louis disagrees and thinks she looks gorgeous with straight hair. They agree that Louis has the right to his opinion even if it's wrong.
Carly and Cindy are joking around about a girl who asked someone out. Carly thinks she's stupid and Cindy agrees with her. They joke about how stupid she is and Carly confirms that she has talked to the girl. They end the conversation with a smiley face emoji.
Kirsten reminds Alex to be on time for youth group meeting on Friday at 7 pm. They plan to go bowling and then all go together. Alex agrees to meet up with Kirsten and they end the conversation with a "bye" and a smiley face.
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he's not talking to her at all. Cathy confirms that he's shy and is looking at her when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow and Cathy encourages her to go ahead and try to find out.
Jess had a dream last night that she was a lion tamer and shared it with her friends. They joked about whether it meant she should go to Africa this summer or meet a handsome zookeeper. Lynn suggested that dreams may be telling us something and that they reflect our subconsciousness. Charlie suggested that when we see strangers in our dreams, we must have seen them somewhere before.
Charles is worried that he may have gluten intolerance. Karen advises him to stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better. Jack's friend was told that she may be intolerant or allergic and she did a blood test. Charles may do it as well.
Ulysses, Peter and Julia got an A and B in their grades. Martha wants to check their grades online, but Julia advises her to go to the course page on the course website instead of checking them directly on the exam website. They all got A's and Bs.
Ralph asked Andrew if he heard a decent Polish joke, but Andrew didn't seem to understand it. Ralph then made a joke about how to sink a Polish battleship by putting it in water, which made Andrew's mouth dry and he had to take a sip of water.
Linda missed the train and the next one is in one hour. The train cost 80 euros. Linda was shocked to miss the train, but Darcy and Joseph assured her that it wasn't a tragedy. Linda plans to take the train back to Amsterdam.
Martha asked Ophelia about the lenses from her profile picture and asked if she could buy similar ones from Crazy Lenses, which have reasonable prices and fast shipping. She agreed to check them out and thanked her for the information. They exchanged pleasantries and ended the conversation.
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mom, but she doesn't know which one she likes. She's on a flower market right now. Michael suggests tulips, roses, and carnations, but he doesn't like carnations. He suggests freesias instead.
Tim is running late. Gary will be there in about 20 minutes. He will try and delay the main presentation by making some small talk and waiting for Tim to join him. Gary is on it. ÂÂÂ€ÂÂřÂœ
Anna, Marcus and Leslie will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 3 pm. Marcus has a meeting at 1 pm, so he can't make it. Anna will call Marcus and give him Leslie's number to pick Mark up at 4 pm. 
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on the 18th.
Louisa offered to bring Thelma her red velvet dress to wear since she doesn't have anything to wear. They both agreed that it would be great and that it's not a problem for her to wear her wardrobe full of clothes since she needs to look good.
Joseph and Megan are going to the opera together. Joseph will take his car instead of taking a taxi to the theater, as it's more convenient for him. Joseph jokes that he'll take the car because he doesn't want to take a taxi. Megan agrees with him.
Meg is running late and Carl is waiting for her. She needs to wait for 5 more minutes as she has lost her key somewhere. Carl asks Meg where she is, but Meg doesn't respond. Carl expresses frustration and asks where Meg is. Meg responds that she's lost the key.
Ben is having a downtime and is looking for programmers on the internet. Ben and Kim plan to meet up for pizza and coke tonight, but Ben asks for a rain check as they want to do it again. Kim agrees and they plan to see each other tonight.
Stanley is alive and well. Everyone is posting about Stan Lee's death on social media right now due to the autocorrect message that Stan Lee is dead and everyone is talking about it. Jack is upset because he meant Stan Lee, not Stan Lee.
Maria expresses her frustration with her job and Anastasia tells her to calm down. Felix advises her not to make rash decisions. Maria expresses her disappointment and expresses that she can't stand the job any longer. Felix reassures her that everything will work out in the end.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 more passengers' flights. Luke cancelled his plans to go to Egypt. Elijah's flights are confirmed for now. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Ava hopes Ryanair will send her a voucher. Erin is unlucky.
Rachel's aunt was injured in an accident due to a speeding driver who didn't see the red light. The driver was caught and he will pay for the rehabilitation. Jessica offered to give Rachel's aunt a hug, and Rachel gratefully accepted the offer and thanked her.
Michelle tells Rachel that Monica, who got drunk at an office party two months ago and became really friendly with Ross, which turned out to be true. Monica is now pregnant and Ross is happily married. Rachel is excited and wants to know more. Michelle promises to keep her updated.
Luke had a rough time surfing today. Low tide is tomorrow at 2:22 PM. Luke will surf at mid tide instead of low tide because he doesn't want to run into rocks. Eric doesn't like the idea of seeing rocks in his surfboard vision.
Benjamin was unable to attend Friday night's basketball game due to his mom's illness. His team won the game 101-98. Benjamin plans to go to the next game next weekend and Alex reminds him to put it on his calendar. They exchange pleasantries and wish each other well.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 pm on Antena 3, and Kiki asks which station it's on. They all agree to watch the audition on the same station, which is called "Robot".
Marta accidentally sent a gif by accident and apologized to her friends. Agnieszka and Weronika didn't mind and wished Marta didn't send something from her gallery. They both found it amusing and joked about it in a playful way.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up for it. British media had to make some negative comments on it. One host from LBC tried to find an answer to an unanswerable question. ITV Central couldn't wrap their heads around the fact that a guy can wear makeup.
Rachel shared a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018 with Janice, who has watched almost all of them. They joked about Deadpool 2 and Avengers, and Janice revealed that her boyfriend forced her to watch it. Rachel complimented Janice on being the best girlfriend in the world.
