Larry called Betty the last time Hannah and Amanda were at the park together. Hannah doesn't know Larry very well. Amanda suggests Hannah to text Larry. Hannah agrees to text him.    .   "Hannah and Amanda are going to see each other soon".
Eric and Rob find Russian comedian's stand-up funny. Eric and Rob will watch some of his stand-ups on youtube now. They like the train part of the video.   Rob and Eric like the song "MACHINE" very much.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers for Bob. Bob has four black trousers. Lenny will pick the one with the best quality and the most outfit options for the most choices for Bob, as it's not about quantity, but quality.
Emma doesn't want to cook dinner tonight. She will tell Will when she gets home. Will will pick her up when he gets home and they will have something to eat together. They love each other very much.    i.e. love you. 
Jane is in Warsaw. Ollie has a party on the 18th. They will meet for lunch on Friday at 6 pm. Jane is on her way. She will bring the pastries she brought to the party. She already ate all of them.
Benjamin, Elliot, Daniel and Hilary are going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at the conference hall at 2 pm and then they will go to La Cantina for Italian cuisine. Hilary wants Benjamin to join them.
Max is looking for a website where he can buy clothes and books. He will check out a lot of different sites. He likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how he looks, but not always buying. He would have nothing left if he bought everything he liked.
Rita and Tina are bored at work. Rita is falling asleep at the keyboard, Tina keeps on nodding off at her keyboard hoping that the boss doesn't notice. Rita and Tina hate their work. They are not cut out for this level of boredom. 
Leo doesn't want a scarf because he doesn't like them. Beatrice will buy him one in the shop next to the church, because he had a cold all the time last winter and she's tired of his complaints about being sick all winter. 
Eric doesn't know if he can come to Ivan's brother's wedding because he has a lot to do at home and his parents wouldn't let him. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents and will talk to his parents if he has the guts to do that.
Wanda and Gina are planning a party. Wanda needs to make a list first. Gina will take her father's car and go do groceries with Wanda on Friday. Gina doesn't know if her father will agree to go with her, but she can ask him.
Martin won two cinema tickets for the new film with Redford online. He has to write a short review and that's it. Martin and Aggie will meet at the cinema at the end of the week to see the film together.   . 
Charlee is in a theatre class at the university. They are preparing a performance of a Polish play translated into Portuguese. The writer of the Polish play is Mrożek. Charlee is devising a Portuguese version of the play for the class.
Ella rented a car to go by car instead of the train. Mary and Tom are happy about it.   Tom and Mary think it's a good decision on Ella's part, as it will make the journey faster for her and Tom. 
Luke wants to join Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. He will also send Luke the bank account details so he can wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girl. They are having their last dinner tomorrow. Paul has been there less than 8 days.
Betsy can't pick up Johnny from the kindergarten on Tuesdays as she works long hours. Greg needs to stay after hours, so he asks her to pick him up. She can't, because she has to work long hours as well. Greg will see what he can do.
Ethan, Marshall and Toby are making fun of Scott. Scott is not happy about it.    He thinks they are exactly the same person. He is not a fan of them at all. He thinks that they are all the same and makes fun of him.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work with his notice period coming to an end. John advises him to focus on what he has to do as he has only two weeks left of the notice period and to do what he needs to do. 
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. Neela hasn't seen it yet. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students. The black students try to break it up. 
Mike took his car into the garage today. Someone crashed into a red Honda looking like Mike's that he parked on Ernest's street. He's lucky, because someone crashed into the red Honda just like his car.    - Ernest's car is on the street. 
Beth and Deirdre are planning a girls weekend for Beth's mum's 40th birthday in 6 weeks. Beth would like to try working in a beauty salon as a few hours on a Saturday for a couple of weeks as work experience. Maxine manages the beauty side of the salon and Beth will meet her tomorrow.
Gloria and Emma have 4 hours for all 4 parts of the exam. They have to read all the texts and write as fast as they can during the last hour. Emma is going to read the texts from the website she found on the exam website.
Adam and Karen are worried about May. May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who's a psychologist to get some advice about it.    Karen won't mention her name but will let Adam know what to do. 
Mark lied to Anne that he was 30. Today Anne saw his passport and it turned out that he is 40. Anne is angry with Mark because he lied to her about his age and his identity. Irene and Jane are also angry with him.  
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Augustine, Darlene, Heather and Walker are going to buy him a paper shredder as a birthday present. They will ask him if he really wants it and if he says yes, they will get it.
Kelly's place is a sculpture garden in Finnland, Mickey's is a Nagoro village in Japan and Ollie's is similar to Kelly's place, but not the scariest. Mickey and Jessica don't want to go to the Nagoro place.
Selah can't see the phone number of the person on the photo Myah sent her. The phone of that person is off. Selah suggests that Myah should change the photo and send it back to Selah instead.    -  
Bella and Eric were surprised by their boss's reaction to their decision to dismiss the request of a potential client. The boss was looking forward to bring in new clients from their current client's competitor, which could be the reason for the dismissal of the request.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. There are some free seats so she can have a nap. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM. Ben will come and wake Emma up at 4.15 PM.      
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine are going to raise money for the Refuge, a charity that helps women and children who escape from abuse. They will choose one charity and chip in for their wish list and divide it into 3 parts. They agree to chip in the same amount of money.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour at the train station. Mary is broke and Carter will lend her a few boxes. Mary will pay him back in a few dollars later.    - Carter will be at the station in 1 hour. 
Charlotte asks Paula how to pronounce the name of the plant, Natal Lily. Paula tells Charlotte that the stress on the second syllable of the name is 2nd, as in 'nu tell' and not 'natal'. Charlotte is happy to hear Paula's voice.
May and Jack are going to have drinks later. May is a little stressed today, but Jack thinks a drink will help her relax. May and Jack will have one or two drinks. May wants Jack to join them later. Jack is happy to do that.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her some painkillers, because she's feeling dizzy and needs to rest, as she should not be on her own at this time. She's not feeling very well, so Jack should take care of her.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He and Andrei have an outstanding bill to pay with the company. Serge will let Andrei know if it works out when they get to the company to pay it. 
Janice's son wants her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina advises her not to do it as she got one for her son and it stank up the whole house, so she doesn't want to give it to her son.
Daniel, Mary and Lucas have all played DA Inquisition. Mary loves it to bits. Lucas has only played DA II. Daniel has just started and he's trying to get used to the mechanics. Mary was sceptical at first, but she likes it very much.
Judy is attracted to jerks. It didn't work out with Andrew, because he wanted to have sex with her. Bruce is sweet, but Judy doesn't feel the butterflies about him. Janice thinks Bruce is not a jerk, but he might be too sweet for Judy.
Chloe is on TV. Riley thinks she looks drop dead gorgeous. James doesn't understand what Chloe is doing on the TV and doesn't get why she's on it. Riley explains it's a programme in which women undergo a complete metamorphosis. 
Ala is on her way to a meeting. Tina will let her know how the meeting went. Tina is impressed with the Emirate staff. Tina didn't do well at the airport because they kept her one hour in the plane. She will catch the evening flight back home.
It's been a year since Sebastian moved here. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions and his life. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side as Sebastian. Sebastian wants to win the lottery. Kevin wants to spend a million dollars on lottery tickets. 
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come and he will tell her that her son will be home. He and his mother miss him and he misses his mother too. He will try and come home.  
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and is frolicking again. Ola has lost her favorite scarf from Laos. Kate suggests that Ola should buy a new scarf for Momo. Kate doesn't want to buy one for herself.
Ann doesn't have new John's number, so Mike should ask Mary for John's phone number. Ann is glad to help Mike out.    - Mike is happy to have Mary's number.  - Ann is grateful to Mike for his help. 
Joseph sends Ella a photo of baby cows. Joseph's friend Wujek Janek has a pair of tween cows. Ella thinks it's cool and wants to touch them. Joseph doesn't want to touch the cows, but Ella does.
Jack has taken Josh's notebook. He will bring it tomorrow. Josh knows where it is, so he doesn't need to worry about Stephen taking it. Stephen doesn't see it anywhere, so Jack finds it for him and he gives it back to Josh.
Adele got a new dog, a 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The cats keep their distance from him. Speedy wants to play with him. Adele had to wean the other dogs as they were too big for Adele.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games. They are choosing between Adidas or Nike, watermelon or orange, Superman or Batman, orange or black, and they are going to keep playing. They decide to watch some films. It's Kristian's turn.
Cathy will come round at 10 tonight to pick up her sunglasses that she left at Broken's place, because she forgot to pick them up from her car. She will pick the sunglasses up from Broken at 10 o'clock, if she's on time.
Petra is sleepy and can't stand how sleepy she is. Nobody's working at the office today. Ezra is working. Petra is sleeping with her eyes open. The fat woman from HR keeps repeating that she has a black belt in karate. Petra doesn't believe it.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she doesn't think he's hot enough for her. Nick takes the drink back and writes to her saying that he never wrote to her in the first place. Jane sends him a message of support.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Julia and Nate didn't know that Tim is gay. Adam made an idiot out of himself defending Tim. Nate and Julia are upset that Tim didn't tell them about it. Adam and Nate are his friends. 
Lilly is going to be late, so Gabriel will order food for her and get it for her as soon as she gets to the restaurant. The pasta with salmon and basil is always tasty there, so Lilly will order it for Gabriel and for herself. 
Cara wants to visit Celine, but Celine is not at home. Celine will call Cara in the evening if she decides to come and she will let Cara know if she wants to come.    -     
Craig's computer is not working. Derek will help him in 20 minutes. Derek has to get to his car.       -   .   in the meantime, he will give Craig a hand with his computer in exchange for his help. 
Abigail doesn't want to go for a walk with Emma and her children. Abigail's smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today. Emma needs to install the app to keep up with the smog.
Paul will get red roses for Cindy. She doesn't want them to be yellow, so she's not sure what color they should be. She's not a fan of red roses. She thinks red roses are not a good choice for Paul at all. 
Jenny has left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up with one of the cashiers whenever she comes to the shop, because it's safe with Mary's cashier.    - Mary is very grateful for the help.
Gary and Lara are going to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons. Gary has already paid for the cake. Tom will be back home at 5:30, so Lara will have time to prepare things up.
Paul is 15 minutes late for a meeting with Laura. She's been waiting for him for 30 minutes and she's not going to wait any more. She wants to see him some other time. Paul is sorry he's late, he's almost there. 
Hugh and Salma are sharing the latest cat meme with Salma. They both love them. They find them funny and endearing. Salma sends Hugh a link to a video of it. Hugh sends her a photo of it as well.  
Matt and Oliver didn't get into Stanford. Peter is happy for them. Matt and Oliver will send their documents to Peter as soon as possible. Peter has to look for a new university now.  He will see Oliver and Matt soon.  They are happy for each other.
Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement for him, so they don't have English classes today. Nadia, Vanessa and Jake are happy about it, but Vanessa is sceptical about it at first, because she doesn't know English. 
Brandon has lost his credit card. He blocked it in the bank, but it will take time before he gets a new one. Ian will lend him $100. Luke can't lend him anything, because he's broke, but Ian can lend him money.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia, Patrycja and Alicja are planning further Food Evenings. They will go to a new restaurant in the new theme of exploring world cuisines. They want to do it again before the holidays.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. Ana wants to visit grandma tomorrow. Catherine will let her know if she can join her. Catherine and Ana are going to sleep and then go visit grandma. Catherine is not sleeping yet. Ana is going to visit her tomorrow.
Joyce, Michael and Edson are excited about a cheap ticket offer. Edson is booking his ticket right now. He's going to buy it now.    - Edson, Joyce and Michael are sharing the link with each other.  - 
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5:00. They are going to drive almost 300 km to get there. The road is new and Steven used to make it in 2 hours, but now it's at least 3.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert at Madison Square Garden next week. Morgan has two tickets and wants to go with Suzanne. She is taking a well-deserved break from work and Morgan is trying to help her but she doesn't need it.
The last book Julia read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess. Liam suggests to check it out on their facebook page.    - Liam, Julia and Tess are going to meet at the library in person. 
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad found it in his room. Mohammad will bring Ali's wallet to uni tomorrow. He will bring it to Ali's place after he's done with his work at the university. Ali is relieved. 
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. They will have pasta and brownie. Linda doesn't like sweets, so she won't eat the brownie she's going to have with Laura. She doesn't think it's very sweet.  
Anna invites everyone to her birthday party on 6th of November at 1930. Natalie, Martin, Margot, Mia, Adam and Anna are interested in coming. Anna is very happy to have them there. Natalie is excited about something going on in the group.
Mia and Elliot are going out for a girls night out after work tonight. They're going to grab some drinks and have a nice time outside of work. Elliot will pick Mia up if she's too late.       - if Mia needs him to pick her up, he will call him.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now. She wishes she could have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life. She was in a store and a pregnant woman behind her couldn't take some money from the floor because she was about to give birth.
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night and that England will play Croatia tomorrow at 2:00 pm. Gulab forgot to check and didn't know that England won't play USA last night. Steve confirms this to Gulab and confirms it to him.
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle outside. Ela is busy talking to her mom, so she doesn't have it. John asks her to keep it free for him as he's getting late. She agrees.
Mark told his sister that Mary is doing an online job. Mary doesn't want to prove anything to anyone. She doesn't like it that she tries to contact the people Mary is working for to confirm if it's true that she's working from home and earning well.
Fiona is preparing a dinner for Chris. Tina will help her prepare a tart. Fiona bought the crust, but she didn't have enough eggs for the filling, so she used lemony scrambled eggs instead of the usual lemon juice. Tina doesn't mind.
Peadar, Oli, James, Clare, Annette, Helen and Anne are going for a drink at Jesus bar at 9.15. Peadar will join them. Oli cycled to the bar to look for people, but couldn't find anyone.
Ryan and Sebastian have a bad feeling about the situation in Ukraine. Ryan and Sebastian hope that the leaders of the nations will react to this situation in a way that is good for all the people of the Ukraine and for the whole of the world in general. 
Zadie and Finn are going to visit the Latin American neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the main entrance of the shopping centre. Zadie hasn't had Latin American food for ages, so she's up for it.
Jacob hasn't listened to the song that Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will listen to it later tonight. Harry wants to know what Jacob thinks about it. Jacob is busy and will let Harry know what he thinks. They will talk later.  
Someone locked the door from outside, so Max can't let Ray in. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him. Ray has to go to the bathroom, so he asks his neighbour to do it. The neighbour opened the door on Max's request.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and needs pillows as a gift for Kim's mom. Kim should tell her mom that grey is the best colour for the sofa and tell her that Harry should buy pillows in that colour for him as well.  
Josh wants to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi and Sony. Brian can get Samsung cheaper for Josh. Josh will call Brian after work to make an appointment.       .   "Josh needs to buy iPad".  "I need to buy 2000". 
Olafur, Nathalie and Zoe are going to a Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho on New Year's Eve. They need to buy the tickets soon as they want to spend the night at a club in the centre of Soho. 
Andy is watching "Arrow B" and he has a quiz tomorrow. Frank wants him to study for it, but he doesn't want to wake up on time for that. Frank is not Andy's dad, so he's not going to help him.
Kim is looking for a place where she can get some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot suggests the marketplace at Polna street, but she doesn't know about "fresh". Kim has already tried Polna. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are going to meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will take all his papers and remember to take no prisoners and shoot to kill. Tom and Ben have to win this battle and Ben is sure they will do so. Tom believes the justice is on their side.
Ashleigh got a new job. She and Peter are going to the cinema to see "The Great Gatsby" at the cinema as Ashleigh has just got the job and wants to see the movie with her new boss, Peter, as soon as possible.
Reed had a good Saturday. Danna found it boring. She called 5-8 of her friends but none of them were available or busy. The only thing Danna can do is watch TV as she doesn't have a tv. Reed is off work tomorrow.
Alivia is struggling with her thesis. Antonio advises her to write it down and not to worry about it too much, as she can edit it later. Alivia will try to listen to Antonio's advice and get better at writing her thesis soon.  
Maddie is in Asda. John will get some white bread and some apples from Maddie. He will join her at the gala at the end of the shopping trip.    - John will see Maddie at the Gala. 
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague, Brad, who had a liver cancer. Jordan will call Elliot back at 8 pm tonight to check up on him. Elliot is busy and can't talk right now, but he will call Jordan back in 2 hours.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th as they're too busy. Flo is going to be gray. Gina will buy a touch-up kit at Tesco for Flo as she's going to have to have her hair done soon.  
Rob is at the grocery store. Rob and Ann have everything for supper and lunch for tonight and tomorrow. Rob will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples, apples and whatever he likes for Ann and himself. Ann can't pick up Rob's phone because she's in a meeting.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid. Marvin reckons she must have a lot of cobwebs between her legs now.    - Marvin's joke is that there must be lots of cob webs between Melany's legs. 
Eric sends Samantha and Noah a video of a professor talking about the recent scandal on the news. Noah is the smartest person alive and he knew it would happen. Samantha doesn't need to open the video to find out who is the professor they are talking about.
Jacky and David agree that David was right yesterday. They will talk about it later. Jacky will call David when she gets home to talk to him about it. David is right about most things, Jacky agrees with him. They are going to meet later.
Rick is in Cancun for the last two days before flying to Havana. Chris is in front of the box. Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time, as there's no workable internet in Cuba and Rick can reach Chris in the lobby.
Ying sends a photo of her 10th birthday. Helen, Norma and Zazu are surprised and impressed by the photo she has just sent them. Zazus is impressed as well. She sends them a link to the photo.   
Missy gets out of work at 6 pm. Daniel and Missy will go for drinks after dinner and meet at Missy's place. They are going to have some food and drink first.   - Daniel will pick Missy up at 6. 
Pete will clean the hamster cage after school. Adelle didn't clean it, so it's Pete's turn now.   He will do it after school, as Adelle has already cleaned the cage, so she doesn't have to do it. 
Maya will buy earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy. She will get him 5 pairs of earphones, 4 pairs or 5 packs each.    - Maya will get 5 pairs for Randolph from the pharmacy, 4 or 5 pairs per person. 
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will get an ipad for his dad. David will order it online and have it shipped home. He'll let Jane know when he'll get here once his travel arrangements are set up.    
Betty shared her work with Isabella yesterday. Isabella would like to do something together with Betty, if they want to do it together. Betty is happy to hear it from Isabella and thanks her for listening to her work yesterday. She also thanks Isabella.
Amy will get back to Hollie later as she is working now.   Amy will let Hollie know how she is later. Amy will call Hollie when she gets back to her. Amy is working right now, so she will not answer Hollie's question. 
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours. Alex will join Huda then. They are both going to meet at the pool then.    .   - Huda's going swimming with Alex and Alex is going to join her. 
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Linda, Eric, Leslie, Robyn, Sue, Arlene and Roz are discussing Donald Trump's absence from the inauguration ceremony. They think he is an embarrassment to the nation and the world and should be kicked to the curb.
Rashi is confused about his career options. Teacher advises him to choose a career based on what truly interests him. Rashi will remember this advice for earning and learning in the long-term and will try to progress and widen the scope after a while. 
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school to the department in charge of school violence. The student who is the victim of the violence is Corbin's friend. Corbin is afraid that if they notice he was the one who reported the violence, they will hit him as well. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Joel recommends asking Cynthia or Elena, because Pablo is on vacation this week. Marta will give them a try and will ask them if they know anyone who can help her.   .  
It's Ann's dad's 50th birthday. He's afraid of heights. He watches a lot of military movies. Fiona suggests painting a team and going on a team play with the whole family. Ann doesn't know how her mum will react to it.
Fatima talked to Jenson, he's not too happy. Fatima and Jenson are Fatima's friends. Jenson thinks Alene may have a depression, but she won't go to the doctor. Alene has been through a lot recently. 
Lisa has to clean the house. Bob helped make the house dirty. Lisa wants Bob to help her clean the bathroom. Bob doesn't want to help as it will just give him more work. Bob will clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet.
Luke and Martial will let Jose know that they are available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet up at carrington and go to his office early in the morning to let the coach know they are ready to play, despite the little pain they are in.
Emily is sending lots of kisses to Julie. Julie wishes Emily a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. Julie sends Emily a photo of her and Emily sends her a picture of herself and Julie. Emily and Julie are exchanging Christmas greetings and photos.  
Frederick and Ricky don't like their new neighbours, because they are noisy and have a parakeet that keeps squawking all night long. Ricky doesn't want to be the neighbour that is noisy, so Frederick doesn't like it too much. 
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory 25 years ago. Brenda lives in Stoke now, moved away from Brum in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband and four grandchildren. Brenda has only one grandchild, 7-year-old girl. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago, he was bald when he died. Brenda and Sandra will meet in Birmingham next Saturday for lunch. They will organize a reunion for the Lister's girls.
Joan can't go see "A Star is Born" with John on Wednesday, because she's busy. She's free on Thursday at 8 pm. John will let her know where the movie is playing and will send her the details then.   
George wants to meet Donna for a coffee in a coffee shop to discuss a delicate matter. George doesn't want to come to Donna's place tonight as he wants to discuss it with her in his place. George is not sure if he has caught AIDS. 
Fabian and Louis are going to see each other soon. Louis has to go because his mom is calling him and he has to pick up his things from his room.    -  -   "See you later"   . 
Crystal and Irene are going shopping with Irene's little boy. He got so big he doesn't fit his clothes anymore, so Irene wants to take him with her. She will take him shopping with her, and she will buy him something. 
Tony has sent Amy and Lucas a photo of his cat. They think it's cute and adorable. "Adorable" is a word used to describe the cat's image. "Sweet little cat" is used to mean "cute" in this case.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will see Thomas the day before. Thomas is going by himself. Maria is interested in going with Thomas. Thomas will ask her if she's coming too.   Thomas and Matt are very excited.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool. He got them to undress because they were soaking wet. June thinks he's awful for pushing them into the water. Chris doesn't think that's a bad thing to do. He's not sure how she feels about it.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party. Lia is too tired to go, but Mico will go anyway. Jeff will join them. Mico wants to drive to the party, so he and Jeff can drink alcohol. Lia doesn't want to go.
Matthew is looking for someone to couch the game on Saturday. Paul's plans changed so he can do it if he needs it. Paul and Matthew will see each other on Saturday and will couch the match. Matthew thanks Paul for the offer. Paul is happy to do it.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15. Luke's train arrives at 3 pm. Jacob is at work till 5, so he won't be able to pick him up, but Freddy will wait for him.    - Luke will wait. 
Jack is going to the casting this time. Ryan wants to go with him. Jack will meet him at the casting and they will try to dance together. Ryan and Jack are going to meet at the castings together. They will go to the same place as before.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. Evelyn wants to bring Joanne's mother over for Christmas, but Joanne doesn't think she's in a condition for that.
Raul had a bad night last night and today morning. Yesterday Jen had to go to a friend and she stayed there for the night. Raul didn't sleep well because he was angry. He had weird dreams of his uncle during that night.  
Ms. Quinn has signed Angie up for an appointment with Doctor McCormick. Angie has severe stomach pain. Ms. Quinn will tell the doctor that Angie is coming in to see him in an hour, as Doctor Cartman is not in today.
Kelvin and Naheeda are going to have their CAT 2 during the statistics class. Kelvin will talk to the other class members and let them know if they can have it during the class, as they will be having the statistics CAT at the same time.
Linda, Ronnie, Karen and Amanda are going to have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment. They will take the takeout boxes and take them to the park. Amanda will check her Facebook page to see if she's ok with it.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school at 4. Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning. She will call the school to let them know what to do with the kids. They will have a pizza night. 
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week. Peyton wants him to bring a video game for him, but Cameron is busy and won't have time to do it. He will deliver it to Peyton through the courier, as Peyton wants it.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow. Willyx wants to know how it went, but Alicja has to wait until tomorrow to tell Willyx how the interview went.    - Willyx, Alicja and Willyx are going to meet tomorrow. 
Paul came back home after a busy day and forgot about his physiotherapy. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her, as she will be at home late at night.  He will call her later.
Sean overslept again, so he is angry with himself and Sam for not being able to meet with them on time as he had already planned it.    Sam is annoyed with him for oversleeping again, as he knows it's not his fault. 
Chris invites Tom and his brother to join him and his friends in a jacuzzi in their garden. They will watch TV from their living room. Chris has WiFi. Tom can only get 6GB on his phone when he gets outside Ireland.  
Cindy will call Ela and tell her that Harry needs to talk to her urgently. Harry and Ela had a fight and Harry wants to talk urgently to Ela. Cindy will call her now. Cindy hates Harry and always picks up his calls.
Mike didn't have time to take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him on his next visit to the dog park, and Mike will stay at home with the dog. He will not take his own dog with him this time, however. 
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday. He's coming back in the afternoon the same day. He doesn't know the exact hour, but he's going to be back at around 2 pm.    - Sophie. 
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university. Only one of them is really hard, according to her mother, Monica. She is doing well at school. She has a lot of work, but she is happy with the work she is doing. 
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will go for a coffee at her favourite coffee place near the square at 2 p.m. Mr. Williams will pick her up from the coffee place and they will meet in the side alley at that time.   
Jeff hasn't been to the doctor lately. His skin condition is fine. Tina has the same thing and takes meds on the daily. Serena will tell Tina to hang in there. Tina can call Jeff if she has any questions about it. Jeff will cheer her up.
Kristina, Jannette and Estefania are watching America's top model on TV. Kristina likes Tyra Banks and wants to look like her. Jannyette is not at home yet, because she had to run and she just got home.
Daniel is coming to Bologna by accident. He will stay at the airport for 2 hours only. Simone will come in December for a weekend. Marco will host them. He always hosts them as he always tells them to do.   . 
Mike can't talk right now, so he will call Dale back in 2 hours, when he can talk to him again. Dale will wait for him until then until then, as it's too late for Mike to talk at the moment, as he's busy.
Timmy had a bad day at work and his boss snapped at him. Gemma is organising a barbeque at the weekend and invites Timmy to come. Timmy will bring some wine and Gemma will cover the food, as she has a boyfriend.
Pat didn't catch the train. Pat has a project to finish. Pat will come in the evening, around 9 pm. Bart will open the door for Pat. Pat is not a painter. Pat and Bart will see each other tomorrow morning. Pat's project is a stage project.
Erin will meet Ashley at the camp to do the interview. They will meet at the pool or restaurant. The wifi is decent but spotty in the restaurant area. Erin is on her way to meet Ashley. Ashley is sitting in the back of the camp.
Maria, Kate, Tommy, Sam and Tommy are preparing for the conference. Tommy is preparing a power point with a prezi. The prezi costs $10 a month for academics, but Tommy thinks it's worth the money. It should have a good audience.
Maxwell and Jeanice have been working together for 8 hours tonight. Maxwell is grateful for Jeanice's cooperation. Marcus had an argument with a friend at school. Marcus is behaving in a strange way recently. Jeanice and Maxwell will grab a coffee some time to talk about it.
Mike, Tom, Ben and Tom will go for a beer now, as Mike wants to go out for a drink with Ben and he's going to meet with him soon.    "Mike and Ben are going to have a beer with Tom and him. 
Leah met a creepy guy at the poetry reading last night. He wentogled her out because he thought she had a crush on him. He tried to walk Leah home even though she told him he was a creep. Samantha would freak out if she had met him.
Nicky has just left Sam's place. Her phone is off and she doesn't have a phone at her place, so Dave doesn't know if she's still there. Sam confirms that Nicky is not at Dave's place at the moment.  
Ken wants his money back from Greg because his account was hacked. Ken is a prankster who is having a laugh at Greg's expense. Ken and Greg are angry at each other for what they call a sexual nature of the other person.    
Alexander asked Tom to send him a taxi confirmation when he will be in a taxi. They arrived safely, but without luggages, which is bad but good news for Alexander. He wants Tom to call him if he has any problem with the transport. 
The university organised a carnival party for children. There are 5 bouncy castles and a huge bouncy dragon in the hall. Shane heard about it in the dean's office. Shane and Asher think it's very cool. Shane likes it very much.
Sophie doesn't know where Ian's green folder is. Ian was sure he left it on the dining room table. Sophie suggests that Alex might have put it somewhere. Ian is going to ask Alex about it. Ian and Sophie do not know where it is.
Simon will be free at 5. Adrian will call him then. Simon can't talk much, but he will talk to Adrian when he's free. Simon doesn't have anything important to say to Adrian at the moment, but will do so when free. 
Jen is fed up with her partner and wants him to move out. He doesn't give her back the money he owes her. She's afraid to ask him to leave because she doesn't want to cause another fight. Jane advises her to cut her losses and move on.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something to eat on his way back home. He will buy something for Poppy as she won't be home tonight. Poppy is not telling Dean where she is going tonight, because it's a secret.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment, so she's not sure when they can meet. Kat doesn't want to meet strange men from the internet. Gab wants to do this cuddled up next to Kat. Kat thinks it was a mistake.
Agatha has prepared a presentation for her economics course. She used recent research and she's really into economics. Adam thinks it's interesting and likes the presentation she's preparing for the class. He thinks Agatha knows what she's doing, because she's interested in economics.
Imagine Dragons are coming to the ABC Theatre on 12 July. Sally and Tim will go together. Sally has already bought the tickets for the standing area for 70. Tim will put it in his diary and he will go to the concert with Sally as well. 
Bez's car has a low brake fluid level. The garage next to Willig said it was probably a display error. Kate took the car today and everything was fine. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and uses a "phone credit". The car should be ok as it passed general inspection only in June. 
Laura is going to visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for her as she misses his lasagne. Keith's mum bought a birthday gift for Laura and he will give it to her.    Laura and Keith will stay in touch. 
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over and wanted Pegah to join them. She will have a cup of tea with Pegah when she gets back. She'll also save some wine for her and Pegah. 
Robert will help Pam with Tom's birthday party. Pam has to go shopping, cook and clean, so she doesn't have time to pick up the balloons. Robert will pick them up from the store in the city centre. Pam will text him the address.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy doesn't want to do any volunteer work. Jody does charity work for Christmas every year. Shelly, Jody and Tracy are going to do charity work this year as well as next year.
Max sends Jim his latest music project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home. He will let Max know what he thinks about it later. He knows Max will never be a famous music producer, but he wants to be a successful music producer. 
Shannon hasn't heard the new 30 seconds to mars album, but Kane recommends it to her. She should check it out, he thinks it's good. She agrees to listen to it, thanks to Kane's recommendation. She will listen to the album.
Andy will visit Paul in about an hour to have a coffee and talk about politics with him and Hannah's father. Paul is waiting for Andy at home and is happy to see him.   He has enough arguments over politics with Hannah's dad to last forever.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again. Megan and Caroline think it was Ross or Chandler who said it and share it with each other. Caroline likes it and shares it with Megan. She likes it too. She sends it to Megan.
Josh will check his email to see what Ron has sent him. Ron wants Josh to have something he wants. Josh will check the e-mail soon. Josh wants to have the sth he got from Ron, so he should check his e-mails.
Phoebe doesn't want to go out today because her mother is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it. The perfume was expensive and the whole house stinks, but Phoebe considers it a waste of money as it was not so beautiful.
Eve and Rob are meeting up on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3. Rob doesn't know what time the stores are open. Eve and Rob have to go in the morning, but they can meet on Sunday if the shops are open then.
Betty and Sandra are admiring a man who takes good care of his cat. Sandra's ex-boyfriend broke up with her 3 months ago and she's thinking about getting back together with him. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6 and will bring wine.
Anna likes the app where you choose your sex and add photos of clothes and you can add as many items as you want. Peter doesn't get it. Anna and Peter play a game. Anna has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers, and 6 jackets.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis, but it's not working any more and it hurts. He's quite swollen, but not as much as yesterday, when he was even more swollen than he is now. He sends a photo to Hulk and Pete.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus, so it might take him an hour or so. He'll call Judah on the phone if he happens to be dead by the time he gets to Judah's place. 
Chloe hasn't watched the series Biwott told her about yet. She has been busy this week and she will watch it during the weekend. She will watch the series she was told about at the weekend, if she hasn't already watched it. 
Lauren would like to get a tattoo of a bird above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of tattooists who do it and wants to know if she can get one. Nelly is afraid of pain, so she probably won't get one ever.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. David and Wendy can't afford to pay the plumber this month. They will wait until next paycheck and fix it themselves. It was Wendy's sister's birthday and she had to get a present. 
Rowen informs Kaylen that in his country left-hand traffic is legal. Kaylen sends a photo of herself to Rowen, who thinks she looks gorgeous and would not be able to drive on the left hander in the country, if she had to.
Tom wants to go to a piece of land in the middle of nowhere. Jonathan, Jonathan, Kit and Oscar think it's insane, but Tom loves the idea. It's possible it's the real Robinson Crusoe's island, as it seems to be.
Emely needs help with a task. She sends a photo of the task and asks Titus to help her fill in the gaps. He can't read it, but he can see it very well on his phone. Emely will write him the answers.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it right now. The article is 12 pages long and it took Aldo weeks to finish it. It's written by Aldo. It is written in 12 pages. It took him weeks to write it.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. He hasn't seen her for a few months. She lives in Michigan, which is not too far from where Harris lives. Harris has to go, because his mom is calling him.  He feels better now. 
Hannah and Brooklyn have New Year's resolutions for 2019. Hannah wants to lose weight, exercise everyday, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, find her future husband and start using dating apps. Brooklyn doesn't want to make any new year's resolutions.
Trevor needs Richard's advice on how to break the news to Dad that Abigail has sneaked him into the house and they are having sex in her bedroom. They don't have any condoms so Trevor is going to pull out at the last moment. Her father, a church pastor, bursts in and gives Trevor a kick up the arse.
Julia and Gail are not addicted to social media. Julia likes looking at photos of her friends and sharing stuff with them. Gail likes to spy on people. She spied on Em and found out she's into some guy from work and Jessica is thinking about going on diet.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating. She wants to take Tom away from Anne. Miranda is not Tom's type. Catherine and Nora hate Miranda.    She called Tom because she knows Anne is dating Tom. She is not his type. 
Ella sends Barbara, Eva and mom the information for the catering company and asks them to confirm that they're coming and if they have any dietary requirements. Barbara and Eva confirm they are coming, and Barbara flled out for mom too. Ella is happy about it.
Sarah will arrive in New York on Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her with a gift when she arrives. He will be happy to see her and give her a gift.    - Joshua's sister, Sarah, is coming to New York this coming Thursday.
Allison got a scholarship. She will celebrate it with Sarah and Maya whenever they want.    .   Sarah sends a gif to Maya and Allison to show her how happy she is that Allison has made it to the highest rank she could get. 
Sam finishes work at 5. He will bring him over to Abdellilah at about 9 in the morning. They will see each other at 9 o'clock as he will be at work then.    - Abdellulah will pick him up from work.
Betty and Phil are going to see a thriller at the cinema tonight. Betty will book the tickets on the cinema's website. They will meet at 6.30 near the cinema. Betty and Phil will have dinner together at home. Betty has some ideas for the menu.
Robert has been laid off and is looking for a new job. Serge wants Robert to send him his CV as he knows a Belgian guy who might be interested in opening a new factory here. Robert wishes Serge and Elena a merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas, who works at LSE. He is Romanian and comes from an extremely rich family. She expected him to be boring and boring, but he turned out to be better than she expected. Kate is glad Lily had fun after the last weeks.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. She sends Sam a few pictures so he can mix and match them to create a new design. Sam's product number is 898998 and he can order on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while because he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with his friends. Mcksinley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people, but he doesn't spend a lot of time there.
Mike is going to the gym and home after work. Jason will come over to Mike's and they will play Destiny 2 on PS4 later on.  He will bring his food and they'll eat and play the game together. They will meet later. 
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. Her brother is going to live there. Daisy will help her pack. They will meet before Linda goes to Ohio.  For more information, visit Linda's new website: www.lindaslinda.com.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis. He's interested in African studies but he's not sure if he can make big money later on. He'd like to work as a flight attendant, but he doesn't want to risk his life every time.
Alan has found a new product with no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. Robert thinks it's nasty, but Alan likes it. Rob would like the old cherry flavor to be added to the product, not the useless no-sugar stuff.
Mary and Yaz are going to slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick Mary up at 6 and they will meet with their old cookery teacher. Mary and Yaz don't want to go, but they need to because they haven't been very healthy lately. 
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university, but Camille is sick. They are having their classes in 342 on the second floor now. Aaliyah informs Ellie that Camille's not in the class because she's sick. Ellie is sad.
Dan sent a video of a cat taking a dump to Nathan and Aaron. Aaron's cat looks like that when he takes a dump. Nathan doesn't know the cat's name, but Dan sent it to him. Aaron and Nathan find the video hilarious. 
William has been in a queue for 20 minutes to get shake. He will be back in 5 minutes. Emma is impatiently waiting for him, but he has to hurry up, because it's his turn next. He is coming back in five minutes. 
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount from his workplace. He promised Melanie that he would do the same and he has already done it. He has already reserved the tickets for tomorrow, because he has a workplace discount.
Freddie is watching Mad Men on Netflix. Kelly has just finished The Crown. Jim is watching I, Zombie. Greg is watching House of Cards. Mary and Nancy enjoy Pretty Little Liars and Gossip Girl. Mary watched Desperate Housewives twice. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Sonia and Toni are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so. Last year they stayed in an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. The landlady is an old basque lady who rents a room in the appartment.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the paleo diet and the keto diet together. They will also go for runs together. Samantha will text Malik back later with more information about the diet and they will go for a run together. Malik doesn't know if you can have dairy on paleo or keto.
It's been a busy day for Derek and Phil. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal. Some customers are negotiating for days or weeks and then they pull out. They do it because they want to compare offers.
Some people photoshopped Timothée Chalamet into artworks. Dominic and Nova find it hilarious. Dominic compares him to a 19th-century portrait of a man who read Rimbaud's poems and drank absinthe on a daily basis.
Peter has been busy with work and working out to improve his health. He has a gym membership and does weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa thinks she needs to eat better and get more sleep to stay in good shape. She also wants to join a gym.
Julia broke Tom's cup and she will buy him a new one. Tom is upset because he doesn't know where his cup is. He suspects she may have been drugged up and is looking for it now.    - Tom doesn't have his cup.
Don and Hank's 10-year-old kids are taking CSS tests today. Don hasn't registered in the system yet, so he's not sure if he has to fill out all the fields. Most of them don't apply to Rodney. The tests are supposed to last 5-8 pm and last 3 hours.
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros. Frank and Raphael are impressed with the items she bought.    - Jessica sent them pictures of what she got.
It's Sunday. Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Damien should put on a coat and tie to show respect to God and others. Damien is glad that Sunday is only once a week. He will be ready on time.  
Desiree asks Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave as he hasn't cooked anything. Lucian and Desiree are not at home at the moment, but Lucian has just got Desiree's text message.    .   
Doug likes Jeni's shoes and wants her to wear them too. Jeni is jealous, but Doug thinks he's flying in them.    "I be fly! I be fly!" he exclaims to Jeni and to Doug's friends. 
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend, Jim Andrews. Tessa thinks Jim Andrews is taken. Chloe and Jim Andrews work together. Chloe doesn't want Tessa to text Jim Andrews, because Tessa is her friend. Chloe thinks Tessa might be a bit paranoid.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink at Pub X at the central station at 5.30. Kate may be late, because of traffic, so she will meet with Marta closer to 6. Emily and Kate will see each other later.
Anne and Jane went to La Perle with Jane and Ella. They ordered a cheesecake for Jane, who is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite, because there were crushed nuts in the crust. She went to the ER. 
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home. Tiffany is very happy about it and wants her sister to buy her a burger as well. Railey agrees to do it.    - Tiffany and Railey are sisters-in-law. 
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her, but she can't go with Ariana at the moment, because she needs to buy some stuff herself.   “It's ok, Aviana. 
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his costume today at Value Village. Jane and Connor will go there together. They will send each other a private message to let them know if anyone wants to join them.  
Mary didn't go to school today, because she stayed at home. Alice is happy for her. Mary doesn't have to go to work today. Mary is happy to be at home instead of at school, as she didn't need to go.  
Tom and Jeffrey are a few meters away from Elena and Jeffrey, but they can't see them. Elena is wearing a red jacket and Tom is wearing the red jacket. Jeffrey and Tom are unable to see them either.    - Tom's red jacket is visible. 
Sophia apologizes to Mason for kissing him when he wasn't there. She sends him a kiss photo. Mason wants to see her when she looks good. Sophia doesn't want him to judge her looks. Mason loves her no matter what she looks like.
Steffen can't go to the infinity pool because he twisted his ancle yesterday. Irene will give him a lift. Dan is sure Mr.Budd can make it. Luke, Ben and Irene have been to Vistas de olas and know the road.
Jake, Florence, Margot, Mike and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini. The name of the country was changed last year and it's not even called Swazi anymore, so they need to learn the new name before the trip.
Christine is not going to be at school tomorrow. She has a blocked nose, sore throat and is tired. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on. Christine doesn't want Annie to call in in case she catches her cold.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend Sarah and sent her their pictures. Bob is angry with her because he left her. Jill doesn't want to be with Bob anymore, because she kicked him out. Sarah is happy with Bob now, and so is Bob. 
Peter starts his new job on the 6th. Peter will get a babysitter for Aggie as she will be at work at 8. Peter wanted to get a free babysitter as he wanted to start a new job. Aggie didn't know that.
Aimee doesn't know where Maryam is. Soren thinks she might have gone somewhere with his father. Aimee tried his number and went to Maryam's home to look for her. Maryam might be somewhere with her father.   
George, Robert, Yousuf and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Paul will bring some beers. Younuf will come half an hour later to help his sister with her car, as he needs to help her.
Rory wants Mitch to take Bill and Sammy to the International camp in Croatia. Mitch will go there on Sunday, the 29th. Rory will put Bill on a Flixbus, so he'll arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Joanna will be picking him up.
Angelina and Jones will meet today in town later in the afternoon. Jones will call Angelina to confirm where they will meet and they will have a good time together.    -   for a meeting with Angelina later today. For more information, visit Angelina's website.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem. Alyssa thinks she does a great job. Derek thinks she's better at farting than she is at singing. Derek finds it funny in a good way, as Alyssas does. 
Pam needs Lauren for tomorrow. Manager's back tomorrow so she may do some more rota. Pam will call Lauren in the morning and let her know. Lauren had a good holiday. She will tell Pam all about it tomorrow. She is looking forward to it.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school. She and her friends went to investigate a run-down building in the neighbourhood. They didn't see any ghosts, but they did hear a cat meow. If she could go ghost hunting again, Harriette would probably choose to go alone.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now, because he can't switch the computer on. Jack finds it funny, but Kev can see it's serious and he will be with Jack right now to help him get it running. 
Dan will meet Angela at school later to explain everything to her. Angela doesn't trust Dan at first, but he will show her why she should trust him. Angela will listen to Dan's explanation first. Dan will explain everything after meeting her at school. 
Shaldona sent Piper an invitation to her wedding. Shaldona didn't have time to meet everybody and give the invitation card in person, so she didn't send it to Piper. Piper thinks she's too greedy to expect people to come to the wedding.
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour to talk about the job offer they got from Paula's boss. Ralph is happy to join them.    - Paula and Ralph are going to meet the new boss in one hour. 
Ania, Kasia, Jan, Zuzia and Kasia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland together. Jan wants to take a boy with them, but Ania thinks it's inappropriate and suggests finding some other friends.
Harry is waiting for Ema outside. Ema will be there in 2 minutes. The movie has already started and Ema needs 5 more minutes to get ready. Harry is angry that Ema is taking so long to come for a meeting with Harry. 
The Caspian Sea is neither a sea nor a lake, so it will have a special legal status and they will divide the seabed up. It's rich in resources, mostly gas and oil. 80-90% of the world's caviar is sourced from the caspian.
Joe's job is wearing him out, because they give him more work. Tim's friend Terry quit eventually, but he had trouble sleeping, constantly tired, and turned out to have an ulcer. Joe needs to slow down or he will burn out too much.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with Judy. Denise has been to the club a few times and likes it very much. She thinks it might be her new favourite club in town.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex are going to make 3 presentations in groups of 3-4 people per team. They will do interviews, transcriptions, compiling material, and writing. Alex and Marlo don't want to do it alone, because it's a lot of work.
Nora talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is in the park, waiting for his mother Theresa, who is waiting for him as he's leaving school to talk to her. Nora and Theresa are John's mothers. John will join them soon.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. A writer who writes about vampires was there signing copies of his books. Sara is not a fan of this writer. Louis thinks it was a good idea for the bookshop to have him there.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly recommends the red one, but Denise suggests the green one. Kelly is considering buying a red one for herself. Debbie sends Kelly a link to the store and she decides to buy a green one for her.
Emilia is still angry. William feels sorry for her, but she's not going to see him anytime soon.    - William's not coming to see Emilia, because she's angry with him.  - Emilia's still angry with William. 
Mia doesn't have a credit card to buy a flight ticket. Tom will use his credit card on Mia's behalf. Mia will send Tom the flight, company and personal data that he may need in order to buy the ticket on Tom's credit card.
Hugh has a toothache and needs to see a dentist urgently. Andy recommends Dr Smith at ProDent in the centre. Wade also needs to go for a checkup. Hugh is working late today, so he will call them tomorrow and arrange the appointment. 
Ella got a text from her mom saying she won a hundred dollars in the lottery. She is going to spend it on Christmas with Noah and the little people, as she won't have to worry about taking care of the little ones at home.  
There was a car accident on Circle Drive near the Circle Mall. There were no deaths, so there's no need to worry about Katie and Oli getting to the mall. The accident is on the news now, which is good news for Katie and Pavel.
Bob is watching the game. Rob is having a few people over. Jim is planning to celebrate his birthday next Wednesday, but he is going for a skiing trip with his family, so he might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar this weekend. Bob would like to come, but Jim hasn't invited him.
Julie and Debra are going to meet up over the weekend. There will be 20 people, most of them are from the village 40+ and they will drink vodka. Debra is on the list. Julie wants Debra to share the event on her wall.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg. Ian and Kate don't know what happened to him. Ian informs Kate that Mike had a motorcycle accident and he had a broken leg. Kate doesn't know the details of the accident.   
David had to babysit at Ethan's house. Ethan's sister was naughty. David's phone was switched off when he was babysitting. Avery has told Ethan about that. Ethan is asking Avery to say thanks to David for babysitting him. Avery will do that.
Conrad forgot his keys. He will wait in the coffee shop. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca will be even later, so Conrad will wait for her in the shop instead.    -      –  
There was a strange smell at Kasia's place last night. Kasia has 21 cats. Ron suspects Kasia had a sexual relationship with one of them. Clara doesn't believe it was Kasia and doesn't want to be rude.    
Holly doesn't want to come to Jake's party tonight, because she feels bad. She thinks she has the flu. Jake was excited that everyone would be here, but Holly doesn't feel well and she's not feeling well. She's sorry. 
Ludmila's favorite dinosaur growing up was Triceratops. Jacopo will tell Ludmila later why he liked them so much as a child, but later he will tell her why he did it now. He will explain it later.
Josh, Sean and Logan are going to the pub tonight. Josh wants Sean to pick up some girls. Logan doesn't like Sean's sexist comments and wants him to be more considerate of other people's feelings. Logan is not satisfied with Sean's behavior.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place. He's using it right now, so he doesn't know where it is. Liam doesn't believe it's at his place, because he's not using it at the moment, and he's looking for it.
Claire is looking for a wedding dress. She likes the color of the one she found, but it's not very vivid. Nicole thinks it's perfect for the bride. The dress is not that expensive, but the price appeals to Claire. She should order it.
Victor has taken over Chris's company. Chris was under huge debt. Victor sold off the office and accommodated the company in his office. David's business is going well but the market is slow. David expects it to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle the fair-trade brand she's been talking about. Elle will look into it. Florence thinks it's great and Patricia hopes she'll enjoy it too. She sends Patricia a link to the file she's talking about: <file_other>
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He didn't tell Abigail about it. Ethan will be back in LA in 3 or 2 days. He will let her know when he gets back. They will meet soon.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today. She replied to Stan's message. He will let Dave know how it was in minute detail after he's taken her there. He can't believe that she's his dream come true. 
Abby met Miro's Albanian father yesterday at the party. His father came to the US illegally from Albania in the early 1990s. He speaks only Albanian with his parents. Brandon and Dylan haven't talked to Miro yet, but Brandon seems a nice guy.
Julie is home alone and watching a Japanese horror movie. Paula will come over to Julie's to have a sleepover. Rose will bring cookies and they will watch "When Harry Met Sally" until they fall asleep. They will pay for an Uber for Julie.
Lucy's daughter turned 15 years old. Lucy has prepared for this occasion for 15 years. Patricia didn't feel the same way when her son Patrick turned 15, so she doesn't understand Lucy's feelings about it. Lucy is not as good as she always wanted to be as a mother.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is at his in-laws party. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday at noon. Tim and Chris are going to take it easy this time.  
Casey did her nails herself, but it took her 4 hours. Amelia and Kristen want her to do their nails too, but she's not sure if she can do it for them as it was too much work. She's sorry she took so much time.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment. It's due tomorrow. Kate reminds Sharol about it. She reminds him to do it. Sharol is done with the assignment and wants to talk to Kate later, but she doesn't want to hear it. 
Half of the class at Helen's son Jamie's school is sick, so the school trip is off. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, at the City Medical Centre next to the mall, who treats children's illnesses individually. 
Louise hasn't seen mum today. She's with autn Grace. Tim forgot about it. He doesn't need mum right now, he doesn't have anything important to talk to her about. Louise and Tim will talk later.    - 
Caroline is worried that her boyfriend's mother doesn't like her as she's his first girlfriend. Caroline's boyfriend is 26 and lives at home with his mother and grandmother. He's an introvert and lives in a big house. He used to spend all the time at home.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand while playing with his cat with a ribbon. He ordered a new one and it should be ready to pick up on Tuesday. He is laughing at the joke he made with the photo he sent to Damian.  
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop on Black Friday. Olaf advises him to check the website where people upload photos of the same product and its price 2 weeks before Black Friday and during the promotion. Nestor will go to the mall tomorrow and ask a guy who sells almost new computers if he can offer him a good deal.
Vic and Phil prefer Facebook to Twitter. Vic used to have a Twitter account once, but he never had an account. Vic and Phil don't have time to write blogs on Tumblr. Vic likes to observe all the fitness accounts on Instagram, Phil doesn't.
Peter, Dan and Amanda have seen the guy with dreads. Peter finds it awkward, but Dan thinks it's cool. Amanda doesn't believe it's very cool, because she doesn't like the look of the man with dreadlocks she's seen. 
James will pick up Sue's car after work tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in to pay for the pick-up and James will pick the car up tomorrow. Sue and James are going to meet at Sue's place after work. 
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in the West Bronx. She's on her way to meet with Alice, but she can't make it on time as she's stuck in the traffic jam. She doesn't know where she's going to meet Alice. 
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her old laptop to her brother. She will lend Dima her laptop for two days. Dima will come in an hour to pick up Nada's laptop.
Kelly went to the pub at 2 am and met people from school. She didn't talk to him much, just hi-hi how's it goin. She told him a few words but he didn't respond. He was with someone at the time.
Adele will come to Anne for Easter on Friday. Adele will bring eggs and chocolaties. Anne will invite Louise and Adele's friend, Adele, as well. She will invite Adele and Louise to come on Easter.  
Peggy hasn't got her computer fixed yet, because she spends a lot of time using the library computers. It might be something with the circuit board. Melody recommends the mac model that she has. Peggy will write to Melody if she has any questions. 
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet is waiting for him. Janet's day was ok, but her boss can be a bitch sometimes. Jerry and Janet are going to see each other later.    .      - JERGARY
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a self-organised tour. They are going to choose a 5* hotel from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so that they don't check the same websites. They want to go as soon as possible.
Stanley can't go for the weekend with Del because of work. She accused him of having an affair. He will talk to her when she's back. Bill needs to take care of the Lidem project. Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. Laura gives her the cafe's phone number: 613-785-4329 in case a customer or a waiter has found it.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. Jake has been working there for 5 years and is satisfied. He was promoted twice during these 5 years. The company partially finances language and accounting courses. Catherine graduated with honours from uni.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m. Anna will support Fiona at the doctor's appointment. Fiona needs Anna's support as she is going to see a doctor. Anna is very happy to go with her to the appointment. 
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and give Dan her address. Dan will do it himself if he finds out the owner's address. Steve and Andrea are laughing at Dan's joke. 
Kim and Linda are having curry for dinner. Linda is cooking curry right now. Claire and Kim are sending them photos of what she's cooking.       .   - Claire sends Kim and Linda photos of the food she's preparing. 
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for the subway and prefer talking to him than Matt. Matt stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity. Matt is staying one more month and then he will leave.
Katie hosted Tim on Monday evening and dropped him off at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week-end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will text Tim to let him know where to pick up Ann's son tomorrow.
Sharon is grounded because of her relationship with Ahmed. Sharon lives with her parents. Ahmed wants Sharon to move in with him, but Sharon is still a student and has to go to work. Sharon's parents will stop talking to her if she doesn't move out.
Today's memes refer to things that are either completely stupid or have no humour value. Rob is not sure if he's getting dumber or this is how it feels like to get older. Tom tells Rob to get a girlfriend. Rob doesn't believe him.
The hand sanitizer by the restrooms is empty. Mike will get a refill for Grace and the other people immediately. He will get it for them right away.  He will bring the refill to Grace's place. He'll get it to her soon. 
Cheryl had an argument with her mom because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mom kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year to find a new place, but she didn't like her anyway.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport. Jerez was too expensive for David, so he will pick Victor up from Sevilla if he can't come to the airport in Jerez, which is fine.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small USB mouse. Ann will pick it up. The price is 250 dollars and it's non-negotiable, so Ann will pay that amount.   The laptop is still available.
Mike will do the washing up. Sara will do it when she gets back from the cinema with Jack. Sam will not join them this time, because he is going to the cinema too, with Jack, not with Mike and Sara as he did last time.
Gary is driving for Uber. Ellie told him it was a terrible idea. Gary is having fun and has met lots of cool people. Ellie thinks Gary's social skills are improving and she's glad he's getting better at being around new people. Gary didn't know he was perceived that way.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount on all the items on the online shop. Kristi will put Leah's ID onto the reference code “Direndia45” and Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Sue wants Steve to call her when he gets this important message. Steve will do that.   Steve will call Sue when he receives the message. Sue is waiting for Steve to pick it up. Steve is calling Sue.  Steve is on his way. 
Andre and Megan are shocked by the news about the bear attack on the zoo. Megan thinks that keeping animals in cages is cruel and wrong and she's not surprised that the bear reacted that way. Andre would've never imagined that something like that could happen. 
Mick didn't get the confirmation from AES yet, but Barbara did. Mick will call them to confirm the information he got from them and to check if it's correct or not.  He needs to call them immediately.    - Barbara confirms it is correct.
Allison sent Alan the file with budget estimation for current year, not for next year. They doubled the costs in the line "other expenses" compared to last year because their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention, which was the reason for the increase.
Nate will be ready in 10 minutes and Liam will be there in 15 minutes. Liam wants to go for a stroll around, so Nate will join him in a few minutes after he's ready. Liam is free now, so he wants to meet Nate.
Duncan wishes Carl luck in this year's championship. Duncan and his family are going to watch their cousin win the title. Duncan has reserved a place in the VIp for himself, Carl and Carl's cousin in the championship. Carl will go get them.
Terry will take care of Dinny's dog before Dinny comes. Dinny is a little afraid of Terry's dog, so she wants Terry to take it away before she comes. Terry agrees to take the dog from Dinny as she's afraid. 
Anastasia and Darrell have their new school photos taken. They took the photo in less than a minute. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID so she had no choice but to have a group photo. Darrell thinks the photos always suck.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide. Mark would love to go with them as well. Agatha wants Kim to bring some kimchi, but Kim doesn't want to bring it on a plane.  
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo. Darien thinks it's dangerous for all people, not just whites, so Aubrianna advises Darien to read about it.   "Read about it here".  
Josh lost his brand new sneakers somewhere last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they said nothing was found when they're closing. Josh will try to check the swimming pool. Mark will give him a call if he finds them.   
It's Valentine's Day. Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits her job and flies to her. Bella wants Aria to make sure she has a boyfriend and visit her.
Wheeler and Sawyer are going to a ball game tonight. Sutter is injured, so they need to start earlier. The game starts at 8 pm, so Wheeler is not able to join them. They will try to go to the game next time. 
Daina needs to put on her make up. It will take her about an hour. She is a casual party-goer, so she will be wearing casual clothes and no make-up. She will be at the party in an hour or so.
Carmen will be at Viola's on Friday night to help her organize things for the wedding. Viola will let Carmen know if she needs anything. Carmen gives Viola her phone number +00123456789, in case she needs help.
Madeline and Alex had an argument today. Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with his problems. Alex and Madeline are going for a beer after the meeting. They will see each other tomorrow for more than 8 hours.
Betty has been busy. Mom wants her to call Grandpa from time to time, because he always wants to talk to her. Betty will do that, because she has to check in with Mom and Grandpa regularly.    Mom doesn't want Betty to talk long.
William is preparing spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will add garlic, garlic, wine and clams to the pasta as soon as the clams open. He is going to get drunk afterwards. Whitney is eager to try the dish.  
Maria, Alexander, Martha, Sarah, Lawrence and Sarah will meet tomorrow at 17:15 at the IMF lecture. They will discuss the remaining questions and do the calculations. They are due on Monday. Alexander has to meet for another presentation on Saturday, so his option is Friday afternoon or tomorrow evening.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't want to go with Molly. Anna wants to go, so Molly, Hannah and Anna will go together to the concert with her. She's not fond of Muse. 
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams except one. Tabby will see how much progress she makes with studying over the next couple of days before she goes to Daisy's party on Saturday.  Tabby is optimistic about the exams.
Becky's cat Coco is purring on her lap right now. It took Joel and Trent 2 days to win her over. She scratches the couch sometimes. Joel suggests hissing at her or clapping to stop her. She hasn't scratched the couch yet.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat in 5 minutes. Kyra gives Sosie the flat number 187. Kevin and the others are waiting for her at the flat. They are all waiting for Kyra to come out of her flat. 
Ronnie's waste management works very well in his city. He uses three bins: compost, recycle and trash. The general awareness about plastic bags and plastic straws is high. Ronnie's city was one of the cities that banned them. Ronnie doesn't expect the same level of awareness at the state level.
Tina is still at work. Adam wants her to call him once she's back home. If it's really late, she'll call him tomorrow, but don't call him before 9 pm, because he won't be sleeping until late.   
Natalie told Jane, Greg and Henriette that Dave is the father of Natalie's unborn child. Jane doesn't want to share it with others, because Natalie told them in confidence. Greg and Tom are curious about it. Henriette and Tom also are.
Nick will buy lunch for Steve. Steve wants anything but chicken for lunch, so Nick will get him something that doesn't have chicken in it.  He doesn't want any chicken at all, he wants something that's not meaty. He wants something without chicken. 
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding. Timmy is not sure about the date, but he'll be there. Gemma doesn't want to get invites to their weddings, she wants to come to their wedding receptions.
Millie is sick and won't come to work today. Sal is sorry and wishes her a good day. Millie sends a message of her good wishes to Sal via text message. She is sorry she won't be able to meet with Sal today. 
Daisy wants Lisa to be back home before 11 pm. Lisa is not going home yet, so she won't be back before 11 PM. Lisa will let Daisy know when she gets back.      Â   -   Lisa 
Tina's bus is leaving in 3 minutes. Tina is almost there, she's already dressed and she's going to make it on time. Sophie wants her to hurry up because the bus is late. Tina will be there in a matter of minutes. 
Sophie will collect the quince from Noah's terrace. William went to collect the rest of them for her immediately. William has a strict regime at the academy and doesn't have time to get married or start a family. The twins are coming home this weekend for Alexa's ceremony.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners. Sarah would like him to buy Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs. He can use her Ikea Family card.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie is trying to cheer her up. Cindy sends Ellie a video that has gone viral on the internet. Ellie hasn't seen it, but she finds it very funny and finds it funny.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They are going to go to the disco next time Nadia is in the mood for dancing. They have to wait for the neighbours to forget about them, because it was too loud yesterday. Nadia hopes they will repeat it soon.
He bought a new car. Mark wants to be the first one to drive it. Jeff wants to bet 100 bucks that he'll let Mark try it out first, but Mark doesn't want to go for a ride with him. Jeff will bet his ass.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. Ann and Sue are going to celebrate it tonight. Julie and Ann are happy it's over and they're going to have a little celebration together tonight.    -      –  
Kathy's aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy and Olivia are going to get their hair cut as well. Olivia thinks Kathy's hair looks better than Aunt's, but it's not a big difference between the two hairdresser's styles.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He needs to talk to Claudia, Andy and Mark about their work while he's away and things he needs from them asap. Claudia is here. Mark is late, he had a call with a client.
Den's mother cried over the TV show with Phil and Holly this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out of the house more and invites her for tea on Friday. Den will bring fish and chips home after work and bring tea for her on Friday too.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3. The building is quite big and there is a huge garden, so Ludo will have room enough. Mum has to go to a meeting and doesn't want Ludo to wait for her.
Phoebe has money. Chandler wants her to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside her door. Phoebe is on her way to do that. She doesn't understand why Chandler thinks she needs the money, but she will do it.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She thinks it's a good investment as every 5th earthling is Chinese. Shanghai has 25 million people, which is bigger than the population of Australia's capital, the capital, Beijing. There are Chinese everywhere and they speak foreign languages.
Russ will take a look at the report David sent him yesterday and will send him remarks if he has any. Russ should be done with the report by midday. David will answer some emails now and then he will read the report.    .  
Catherine and her family are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go with them as he's not fond of family visits. He doesn't have anything in common with uncle Steve and he always asks him questions about Ben's private life. 
Clay is in the class room. Kaya will be there in a moment to pick Clay up from the library where they have been looking for him.    - Kaya and Clay will meet in the library soon, as Clay is there. 
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first. The car is dirty. Sean and Alice will go tomorrow instead and wash the car somewhere on the road.    - Alice and Sean are going to meet tomorrow. 
Bert is getting home at 8-ish. Julia wants to wait for him with the dinner. Bert will try to get there on time. He will call Julia if he's running late, if he is running late. He'll call her back. 
Steve's dishwasher has arrived. It's a 12 place setting dishwasher. He doesn't have to put it on every day, just every other day. Mum is glad he's pleased with it and thanks him for the good job done by the installers.
Michelle is doing research on an update for her computer. It installs bugs on her computer, so she's back on it. Harvey can't wait for the update and wants to get on with it, but Michelle doesn't want him to stop texting her. 
Joy and Bill miss each other. Joy is coming back on Thursday. Bill and Joy are excited to see each other on Thursday as they can't wait to be back together again. Bill sends Joy a photo of a pie he made with Joy's help. 
Cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden is no longer open. Julia was there last week and wanted to take her cousin there, but the place's empty. She went to the Lilly's instead, but it's not the same as the cafe Kohaku.
Olivia wants to do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also has a few videos she needs to upload to YouTube. She doesn't do much in the way of post-production. She always gets a copyright strike and someone else is taking the ad revenue from her music.
Emily has broken one of Linda's tea cups. She was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room and accidentally knocked it off the table. She will take out the whole green set and give it back to Linda as she doesn't use it very often. 
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend. Tom is buying the tickets. Camilla has never been to Ireland before, but she loves Tom's crazy ideas. She's never been in Dublin before. She has never visited Ireland before.
Sandra is recovering from the disease she's been carrying. Stella wanted to visit her but she didn't want to spread the disease. Stella wants to take Sandra to the cinema. Stella will do some research in her friends' midst and try to choose the best movie.
Harley and Ruby are shocked by the divorce filing of a serial cheater. The wife is taking him to the cleaners with a monthly settlement and half his pension. He paid for everything but still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and too much going on at mom's. Ang is listening to him vent. Ken is going to the show on Saturday night and seeing the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo. Ken has to go to work now.
Today is derby day. Julius and Titus are going to watch the match between Manchester United and the City of Manchester. The United team is expected to win the match, according to Julius' and Titus' predictions. The match will take place in a few minutes.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time. Dexter misses her and thinks she doesn't love him anymore, because she's been quiet lately. She thinks he doesn't miss her too, because he has been quiet too.   
Jason was absent today. Susy informs Megan that he had to go to the dentist and didn't give any information to Megan or Nathan. He had a dental appointment, as Susy told her.    - Megan and Nathan don't know anything. 
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy didn't read the agenda. Cindy has got Don's plane tickets and booked the hotel. Don will get a cab to the Hilton.
Samuel is in Laos. He ordered a joint. The owner bribed the police to make it legal. Jack loves the "happy menu" and wants to go there too. He needs to go to Laos soon.  He wants to order mushroom pizza. 
Mike and Celia will go to Croatia for holiday. Mike has never been to Croatia. Celia doesn't want to go to Egypt, because it's too hot. Mike doesn't mind Celia going to Croatia, because he's never been there. 
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song "Galway Girl". Paola has been listening to it all the time recently. Jasmine thinks it's so British. Paola loves it, too. She shares it with Jasmine.
Jaz will pop in and sort out Sharon's roots on Sunday at 2.30. Sharon bought the right colour dye on Amazon. Jaz will put it in her calendar and will pop it in on her calendar. She will bring the box of the stuff.
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes. Ann and Pete are going to have lunch together. Ann will be there in 20 min or so.   "Pete will be back home in about 20 minutes or so".  "   
Kas will probably tidy up Laura's dreads for her this weekend. Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can do it. Kas has to check his schedule with work first and let her know if he will be able to do it or not. 
Jill can't do more than 3-4 hours of work per day. Ally and Jill can't work more than 40 hours a day. Jill has done 20-30 hours so far. Ally has done about 35 hours. They are going to work together.
Mia and James are going to Professor Evans' art exhibition tomorrow. They will go to the cinema and to the exhibition with Amelia. Afterwards they will go back to James' place and hang out. Mia doesn't know Amelia very well, but she doesn't worry about it.
The readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are not in the print shop yet. Rita will go tomorrow morning and let Arthur and Mariana know if the texts are available. Rita can't buy the copies for Mariana because they never have enough at hand, so she will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in the garage in Belgrade. Ost wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. The interest rates are very small, almost close to zero. The return on investment is higher than if Ost gave money under term savings in the Bank. 
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours and hasn't stopped in Zawiercie yet. She will be in Poraj around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform when she passes Żyrardów. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin because she finds him irritating. He doesn't seem to care, but Kaylee doesn't believe that he really doesn't care. She wants him to go away, but he doesn't want to leave her in the first place. 
Lara is coming to Marika today and she is very happy about it. She will meet with Marika soon.    - Marika and Lara are going to have lunch together.  - Lara and Marika are happy about that, too. 
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't want to go as he can't stand some of Mazie's friends. Sheryl is one of them. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl once and apologized to her for it.
Erin has just baked a cake. Zachary will bring her a piece later on. He's busy cleaning the flat now, so he sends her a photo of the finished product to prove to her that he's not mad at her for baking it. 
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were for jobs at hotels. The third one was ok, but the woman didn't seem to like him. Joseph is going to be a concierge until the day he dies. Albert compares it to a Simpsons episode.
Sue wants Graham to throw her some dates over for weekends in Romford area. Louise wants another 2 half days and focus on motorways. Graham has 2/3/9/10/16/17/23 dates. Sue will send them on.
Brett's cousin met his wife on a game of World of Warcraft. Andrew's favourite RPG is the Final Fantasy series. John hasn't heard of it. Andrew will have to look for new friends in WoW as he can't play with higher ranked players.
Rael hates her job. She doesn't have time to eat her lunch and she hates her manager. Rael doesn't know what to do with her career. Zach advises her to consider IT. Zach will talk to his friends to give her some advice.
Susan had a great date. He picked her up from home and took her to a rollerskating disco. Susan is tired of boring restaurant dates and prefers something original. Jill is jealous, but Susan insists that she is not jealous. Jill doesn't believe her.
Pete will come over to watch Deadpool 2 with Joe and the guys tonight. Joe is counting: 1, 2, 3 to get Pete to join them. Pete will be there soon. He will join them as soon as he feels like it.  
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is, but her friends were talking about it. It's a new video editing application that allows you to edit videos and share them on YouTube or with your friends. Domigo reckons it will become less popular at some point, but it's fun now.
Hugh sends a photo of his son to Julia, Joan and Joan is very happy for him. He is a cutie, as is his son, Hugh reports to Joan, Joan, and Joan. He also sends them a picture of him to Joan.
Jacob, Nathalie, Pauline and Anthony are going to Greece for a holiday in August. They need to be back by August 10th. Nathalies sister is getting married in August and Anthony and Pauline don't want to see it. 
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam and they have to wait in front of a mall for 30 minutes. Lori will be at Copley in 5 minutes and Maria will see her there in 10 minutes.
Marta thinks Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta has just found out that Jay lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town, which makes Marta very sad.
Chuck and Ally don't know what they're going to do on New Year's Eve. Telly and Chuck are unsure about going to Luke's party. Ally and Chuck want to go to Bernie's party, but Telly wasn't invited. Ally wants to join The Spot party.
Karen passed the driving test. She will be the new designated driver for Simon, Tim, Patty and Patty's friend, Karen, who is very happy about it. She is very excited about it, as is Simon and Tim's friend Patty.  
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny advises her to drink some coffee and then take the seeds and pour some oil to make her own peeling and scrub her body. She likes Bunny's advice very much. She is very happy to hear it. 
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris and Ann stayed home with Ann for the first time on their own. Chris liked it very much. Ryan, Nick and Chris wish each other Merry Christmas. Ryan and Nick are visiting their families in Manchester.
Bruce's campaign is going well. He's got around 200 backers right now. They've reached 6132 dollars so far, which is a little over 6000 dollars. Oliver is excited about the campaign. He thinks that Crowdfunding is the way to go. 
Liam will pick up Kane and will pick him up at 8. Liam doesn't want them to be late, so don't get Kane and Kane to be there any later than 8. Kane and Liam will pick each other up on Liam's request. 
Kate had a fight with her friend Chris. She doesn't know why she's still talking to him. He ranted about Mexican children being worse than US citizens. Kate doesn't want to be friends with him any more. Mary thinks they should reconsider the friendship.
Celine went on skates for the first time with Mark. Mia would like to join them but Mark doesn't know how to skate. Celine sends Mia a picture of them having fun. Mia wants to go skating with Celine as well.  
Sarah and Lia are going back home for Passover. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. Last year they went to Negev. This year they are going to the desert. Lia wants to go too, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday. Jack hasn't received it yet. Gene sends him the tracking number. Jack will check if it's in the mail.  It's 12345678900, so he should have received it by now. 
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. She wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie. Stephanie doesn't mind as long as she has an explanation.    - Miranda is a young doctor who works a lot. She doesn't want to kill herself while working.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at Fabro-Ficule, a place called fabro-ficule where they will get off the train. There is only one platform, so they will have to wait for each other there.
Charlotte and Raymond are going to have pizza and pasta for dinner. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and bring wine. Raymond and Charlotte will eat the same amount of both things. They will meet at Raymond's place in 15 minutes. Raymond will bring the wine.
Zack and Dwayne watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. The cast is Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. Dwayne is going to start watching the second season.
Will is standing in a long queue at the post office to send a letter in XXI century. Chris hopes he'll think twice next time he sends a traditional letter. The line consists almost entirely of elderly people who don't have bank accounts and pay their bills via post office paying cash.
Serena and Ella went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was empty and there was nobody there. Ella won't go there again as the club needs some time to get back on its feet. Tobi thinks it's a waste of time.
Margaret and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to stay in Stockholm and visit the Vasa Museum. Molly and Peter will go to Sweden anyway. They will enjoy the weather and the scenery around Stockholm. 
Frank doesn't have any special plans for the weekend. Avril is going to see horse racing. Frank will go with Avril to see it with her. He doesn't want to go mushroom picking, but Avril wants him to join her.  
Xander wants to go to Multisports this week. Mel will pick him up at half 10 tomorrow and bring him to Mair's house. Mair is glad to be out of the bullying and bitching and bullying at work, most of it has left now.
Ethan went to the gym every day this week. He is sore after yesterday's meeting. Ethan and Ray will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan has to pick up the kids at 9 pm, so he will text Sam to pick them up.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her. They will see each other in a week. There is a form to fill in at the bottom of the email.   .    The class is open level or beginner level.
Pam went shopping and left her phone on the counter when she was paying. She didn't come back to check if it was found. Pam has only had the phone for half a year. There is an option where you can display something on the screen. Pam will check it out.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. He's in the hospital, but he'll be fine. There will be an official statement and an article in the paper. The assailant had a mask on. The security guards don't give a damn. 
Deborah and Nathan are going on a trip tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school. They will meet at home and have a quick bite. Nathan will be home around 6. Dinner will be waiting for him in the oven.
Casper, Alexander and Igor are not going for tomorrow's classes with Mr Linda. They find the lecturer boring. They decide to go somewhere else instead. They will meet near the university and work out where to go.   They will call the lecturer David Copperfield.
Judie's girlfriend had a 1000 euro tattoo done at Warsaw ink. Javier wants to get a tattoo done there. He will go back to Colombia and get it done in a tattoo parlors with English speaking employees. He is looking for a parlour there.
Jessica and Michael are coming to stay at Sam's hotel on the 15th of August. They will be at the hotel around 2 p.m. Sam hopes that the hotel manager will arrange the best room for them, because he owns a nice hotel. 
Marsha, Mohammad, Cynthia and Gavin are going to spend a week on the beach in Nosy Be, Madagascar. John found a hotel there. It's more expensive than hotels on the mainland, but it's cheaper than Italy and it's a beautiful place.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow, educated in Loughborouogh and now lives in London. Adelina wants to know where he comes from. Cyprien comes from the atoms in the air that he breathes and the food that he eats.
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends Joanna to take it to the dry-cleaner's as the cheap one at Jagiellonska 3 cleaned up all the stains from her favourite dress.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight because he's still upset about the things that happened. Anna and Charlie will have a nice evening together.    - Anna, Charlie and Charlie are happy to be having a pizza together tonight. 
It's cold outside. Kris and Ovid don't want to go anywhere, but they have to go to work. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine has a lot of sick patients at her clinic, so her days have been rough.
Leticia has lost her wallet. She needs 10$ to get it back. Miranda and Lora will lend her the money. Leticia will call the bank and block her account. She doesn't have a lot of money, but she will have to get new documents.
Paula hasn't got the paper from the office yet, but she's going there tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon. Paula promises she won't forget about it and she'll get the paper on time. Andrew encourages her to do so.
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's, as agreed by Ben and Steven. They are going to meet at Marco’s at 7.30 pm.    - Ben will pick up the pizza.  - Steven will pick it up.
Danny took Terence's money. Terence found it, because he forgot he'd placed it elsewhere last month. Daniel is upset about it and is calling Terence a liar and a thief. He is sure that Terence is upset with him as well.
Levy hasn't thrown the garbage out as per parents order. Lucy will have to do that on her own as per the parents' order now.    - Lucy has to do it now, because Levy didn't do it for her before. 
Vinny will lend his Mustang to Willy for a day or so. They will carpool together a couple of days a week, as Willy has always wanted a Mustang and a red one too.    Vinnys car is awesome.
Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another one. She asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her. Last week she did the same thing. She gave them a piece of paper with her name written on it.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Dory need to create a video for the movie. Jason bought an app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script. They need to produce something now.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together. Michelle and Kelly are good friends. Jared wants to ask Kelly out, but Michelle doesn't want him to do that. She thinks he should ask her out, because she's his best friend.     
Dodson and Trish want to go to the seaside for their winter break. Reeve, Winslow and Reeve don't have any plans for winter break, so they don't know what to do. Dominicana is still angry about the party.
Alex and Zayna are going for a drink tonight at 8 pm at Zaysna's place. They will see each other at 8:30 at Zayana's and Alex will pick her up afterwards. They are going to meet at her place.
Grace and Audrey didn't talk a lot at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and considering going to grad school. She also considers taking a year off after graduation. She will let Audrey know if she decides to apply for grad school or not.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake. Natalie is very happy to have it. Monica sends her a photo of the cheesecake and a link to the recipe. She is very pleased to have received it from Natalie's request for it. 
Dixie wants Jason's phone number but Jair doesn't have it. Jair will ask Ty to give her Jason's number. Ethan will send it to Dixie in a few minutes.    - Dixie and Jair are going to meet.
Amanda didn't like "Parks and Rec". She's not a fan of the actress who plays the main character. Vincent likes Amy Pohler's performance. She's funny. Amanda will give the show another try and will try to watch it again.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry. Harry can't afford it as he has a broken car and a bad job, so he doesn't want to buy it for him and Bob. Bob is sorry to hear that and offers to lend him the game.
Randal has bought everything except the nail polish. He doesn't know which one to buy. The shop assistant is looking at him weird. Sidney explains to Randal which one is pink and which is fuschia. The other one is taffy.
Pat is not a soccer fan. Pat likes baseball and hockey. Pat and Mike want to meet up one day to play basketball together. Pat doesn't play basketball now, but she still hits 3 points a game. Mike would like to play some basketball one day.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day of the dinner. Nate has to create a new Excel file with all the registrations and feed the data into the tables himself as the registration system is not very good. He has to do it himself.
Farrah shared her Fossil collection with the class. Enrique and Farrah enjoyed it very much. Farrah will come back to the class any time. Enrique will give Farrah's name and number to the 4th grade students so they can check them out as well.
Thomas and Zoey are in the tropics. It's cold there. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen in the cold wind but with brilliant sunshine. They got some suntan. They will hear from Zoey and Thomas soon.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda are meeting at the main entrance at 6 pm. Linda needs more time to get ready after work, so she will meet at 5:30 pm instead of 6:00 pm as she wants to be on time. 
Emma and Daniel are going with Peter to Amiens tomorrow. They are tired of Paris and want to see some countrysides. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am. Daniel has to get up before 7 am. There will be no parties tonight.
Pet shop gives Breann and Dianne a 10% discount code for new customers. Red and Gray are the most popular colors. Breann wishes there was a cheetah print, but they do have them in cheetohoods. Breanna likes this pet hut.
Hugh will make the base and prepare the pizza base and put it in the oven before he and Wanda arrive. Wanda is happy to have one more thing off the to-do list, as it means more time for them to get to work.
The next ASEEES conference is probably going to take place in San Francisco. The last conference in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of traveling to the place. Emily, Chloe and James don't know where the next one will take place, but James reckons it won't happen too soon.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tommorrow. Finn's order number is 45678 and it's being tracked by Jim in the store's tracking system. It's being delivered to Jim by tomorrow morning.   
Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious. It's on the Dropbox, but Precious doesn't see it yet, so she asks Rhonda to send it to her. Rhonda sends it right away. Precious can't find it.
Tommy will lend Derek McCarthy an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland. Tommy's wife, Paulina, will give the cable to Derek McCarthy. She will be at home at 8:15 pm. Derek McCarthy will put it in his GPS and start driving.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. On Thursday she will give Derek his keys on Thursday. Derek will tell Judy the details of the weekend plans later on. Judy is not leaving for the weekend, so she will be able to feed the animals.
Laura, Oona, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10 pm. Oona will buy the tickets for Laura and Kelsey. She will pay for the tickets back later for Sid and Laura. She is only free after 7 pm.
Rob wants to start the Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of exercise every day. Greg, Will, Anna and Greg are going to support him. They advise him to look for variety of exercises such as walking, biking, swimming or whatever he enjoys.
Bennett is in town and wants to meet with Cynthia. They will go to the new hipster bistro where people bring their dogs. It's hygienic and their food is delicious, according to Cynthia. Bennett can't wait to join them.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda is still on the highway. Lorenzo will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room. The room is nice and has an amazing view on the duomo.
Walker will bring his Xbox console with him. Booker likes the grip on the console and wants to play it all night long. Walker will come with one of his consoles as well, because he likes it a lot too.   .    
Laura's mom passed away this morning after a hard battle. Kristian and Anne want to spend more time with Laura now, so they will come to see her soon.  She wants to stay strong.   - Anne and Kristian send their condolences. 
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. They want to re-build them, but the cost to repair them is too high. Adam misses going to the cafes and Keith misses the old one too.    - Keith and Adam.
Ana is going to see a film by Lola Arias at the weekend. Carlton saw her play about the Malvinas last year. Ana invites him to join them for dinner and drinks on Saturday at 7 p.m. to see the film.
Bristol Stool Scale is perfect to read in the morning. Henry had a nice poop this morning, so he's not constipated. John suggests Henry should write on his Tinder profile that he's never really constipation, as it's a good metaphor for emotions.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes, and tsunamis. James reckons nothing will happen, because earthquakes happen rarely and Japanese have amazing architecture because of their experiences with earthquakes.
Linda won't be able to do any gardening before leaving, so Mika offers her a few plants for her garden. Linda is not happy with the offer, as she will have to throw them on the compost heap, which is a pity for her.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room because Drade said something wrong. Drade didn't have to talk about it, because he acted like an asshole first. Marenda wants Drade to apologize to her brother and send him an invitation. 
Kate broke her arm and she's going to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception to find out if their insurance covers hospital costs. It depends on the type of package they have and the amount they're insured.  
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank will go out with Charlie and his sister tonight. He will let Charlie know later when the plan for the night is finalized.       .   "Kk" 
Clara is at the gym and won't be home before 7. Bella will pop in after 7:30 to have a drink and talk to Clara. Clara will fix a snack and let Bella bring the wine. Clara's drive is taken by her camper at the moment.
Amanda, Jose and Ricky wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are looking forward to the summer and travel in 2019. Jose wants to go to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand with Amanda and Ricky. He is happy to be their guide.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together after work tomorrow. Susan will cook something special for them. Rob will be home from work early and Susan will be waiting for him. Susan is very happy to have dinner with Rob after work. Susan and Rob are going to meet tomorrow.
Dominique and Denise are going to do units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test. They will do them in units 1 and 2.    for the test tomorro, Denise informs Dominique that they have to do it in units 3 and 1.
Sharon loves the lamps Steph bought at Ikea. They need proper hangers, preferably from copper, but Steph doesn't know where to get them.   Â£7.99 for a pair of copper-coloured hangers is too expensive for Sharon. 
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes to talk to him, as she is still at work. Peter wants to talk, but Anna can't talk at the moment, because she's at work, so she won't be able to answer his calls now. 
Jesse broke his razor and wants to borrow Stig's. Stig doesn't want to lend it to Jesse, because it fell out of his hands and hurtled to the floor. He doesn't know what happened to Jesse's razor.   
Patrick doesn't pick up Matt's calls. Mary gives him Patrick's phone number: +44 7700 900077. Patrick has changed his phone number since he got mad at Matt and is no longer picking up his phone calls.    - Susan.
Uncle Sam came back from work and is doing fine. Uncle Sam's dad is in hospital. Yvonne and Chiara were in Chicago 2 weeks ago. They were at their cousin's wedding. Chiara is dating an Argentinian man.  
Thomas will buy butter on Jack's request. Jack is making a mushroom soup. He will wait for Thomas to come home with the food until he's done cooking.    .   - Jack is very happy with the soup he's making. 
Debbie will bring Helen's laptop to work as she forgot to take it. Helen has a presentation today and without her laptop she can't do anything. She has to use the laptop to prepare the slides for the presentation she has to give today.  
Jessica got a plant for her birthday, but it's dying already. She doesn't know the name of the plant, so she can't look up how to care for it. Boston took a photo of it and looked it up on Google Images to help her.
John and Annie are coming back to London because John lost his job in Germany. Amber will have to look for a new flat. She will stay with Annie and John until she finds a new one. Erin offered Amber to stay at her place for a while.
Audrey, Ludovica, Greg, Vicky, Michelle, Brandon, Ryan and Audrey will meet at fratellis at 7.30 pm. Brandon and Michelle have just closed the office and it's raining. Michelle will be there in 10 minutes.
Amir doesn't feel like going out tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case. Amir and Kaylin will try to keep up with each other's alarms as they don't want to be woken up too early in the morning.  
Lois is considering deleting her aacount. She created it when she was 10. Keira's sister is grounded for a month for something Keira didn't do. She's mad at her right now, so Keira might tell on her. 
Natacha will pick Charles up at the Vesinet RER station at 5:30 p.m. Charles has just landed and will give Natacha a call to let her know when he'll be at the station. Charles will see Natacha at Vesinet.
Simon was on the phone when Helen called him. He didn't hear her. The toilet paper is finished. Simon will get Helen some tissues from the bathroom, he will bring them to Helen's place.  He will also bring her some more toilet paper.
It's a real blizzard outside. It reminds Ricky of a time when he was hiking in the mountains. It was a couple of years ago when Tom was still a student and they went as a group of friends to the mountains as they wanted to have a weekend away.
Lucy will go to the gig with Maggie and her friends at 6 pm. They will pamper themselves at Lucy's before the gig starts at 8 pm. Lucy and Maggie are going to meet at Maggie's at 8. Lucy wants Maggie to stop gossiping about Johny.
Jake and Rose will talk about Christmas gifts for everybody when Jake gets home. Rose loves making gifts for people and Jake and she both love making gifts. Rose and Jake have a payday tomorrow. They will discuss what to buy for everybody. Rose can't wait.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus and she's mixed about it. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy. Martha feels there are conflicting priorities when it comes to shopping.
Albert has just passed the driving exam. It was his 4th attempt and he's very happy about it. Juliet congratulates him on his success. He is very happy with himself and is very proud of his achievement.       . 
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. She has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years. The doctor has asked her to restrict movement. Jaya asks Ravi to take care of his mother. Ravi will pass Jaya's wishes to her.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with some old wrinkled guy to pay her bills. Steviee, Diana, Wilbur, Justin and Kellene think it's a myth that sugar babies don't sleep with their sugar daddies.  
Alice has a terrible flu. She's been sick for 10 days and she hasn't taken any vaccine. She forgot to take the vaccine. Now she has consequences because she didn't take any vaccine and now she's sick and she's staying at home. 
Someone left Marco's Millas present at his place yesterday. Sandra bought it before Marco's party. Marco will bring the present over to Sandra's place. She wants to give it to Millas as a present. She bought it for Marco before his party. 
Mum will wrap something up for Steve, because he's hungry. He's very appreciative of it. Mom is the best.    - Steve's mum.  - Mum's mum's a very good mother and a very kind person. 
Zariah has a lot of pain in his back recently. Dane is alright, but he has a back ache almost every day recently. Zariah doesn't think it's because of the bed, because earlier it wasn't like this.   
James and Hannah will meet on Saturday at 8 pm. James will pick Hannah up from her place as she has to get up early for work the next morning and she has plans for tomorrow evening. James misses Hannah and wants to see her but she has other plans.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink at Red Lion at 8 tonight. They know each other too well to have a drink together without each other's consent. They are going to see each other at the Red Lion tonight. Rachel will see Caron at 8.
Victor is busy this Saturday, so he can't help Sara organize the event she's organizing. She will let him know if he would like to come, but now it's too late.    -   Sara is disappointed. 
Wendy came from Houston and has grown prettier since then. Dave wants to hit on her, but Mike warns him off, because Jerry is her lover. Dave is going to push his luck anyway, because he needs it, as Mike reports. 
George will call Patricia in an hour or so as she can't talk right now and she needs someone to talk to her right now, as she's not able to talk now. George will give her a call of his own free of charge.   
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He is waiting in Luxembourg now. The weather was good for flying everywhere so he didn't need to take the train. Moe and Eddie wish him good luck. Mario and Klara are happy for him. 
Lena and Brian don't want to do the homework at the first class because the new professor is psycho. Lena and Brian will see each other tomorrow at philosophy class. Brian will protect Lena and Lena will be brave and protect her from the professor.  
Booth went to the local theatre the other day. It was cool and cheap. Elvina got invited to the same theatre and she doesn't know what to wear. Averil is shocked there is a theatre in the city and is shocked they have a theatre.
Callum is still busy and apologises to Jair for not being able to meet up with him earlier. Jair is ok with that.    - Jair and Callum are going to meet later.  - Callum and Jair agree. 
Jacob is on his way to meet Emily. He will reach the parking lot in 10 minutes. Emily needs to hurry up as the buses are about to leave. Jacob is not there. Emily counts to 10 and Jacob counts to 1 to stop the buses. 
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday. Ella heard about it from Holly. Molly is going to kill Chuck because he made up a story that they met up on Friday and Ella didn't know about it. She will take pictures to prove it.
Rita and Sally like Borns' new album God Save Our Young Blood and Faded Heart. Rita is also excited about Florence's new single, which is out tomorrow. Sally didn't know about it and is surprised to learn about it from Rita. 
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. Gloria cooked sushi and tiger prawn korma. Pancakes and soups are cheap. Gloria should plan her meals better. Amanita gave Gloria a tip about cooking more.   
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten. She was about 2 weeks old in the photo. Bella is now middle-aged in cat years, but still adorable in human years, as Jenny and Tess can't believe she's so big now.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century, but it's bounced back since. Jeff is worried about the economic war on China that Trump is waging and his unpredictability. Miranda thinks the global economy will get weaker and the growth will be weaker but not tragic. 
Alexa confessed to Hunter that she asked Ethan to insult her because she was jealous of Hunter's relationship with Ethan. Alexa and Hunter are going to talk about it tomorrow. Hunter doesn't understand why Alexa would ask him not to do something if she doesn't want him to.
Ann has extra math classes at school, so she will be home at 7. Meg wants to meet Ann, but Ann won't be able to meet her because she has to stay longer at school because of math classes. Ann will meet Meg at home. 
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because she needs to take Emma to the doctor as she has a fever. She will stay at home with her for a few days. Emma is sleeping now. Ann, Shirley and Shirley's aunt, Anna, kissed Emma.
Iga cancelled her weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday, which makes Adam gossip about it. Katia and Borys are surprised by it.
Samuel's language is Telugu, spoken in South east India, with nearly 90 million speakers. It is written left to right, based on Brahmin script. Samuel is 35 years old, while Tim is 55. Samuel and Tim work hard and earn very little, but they are thankful for what they have.
Jen wants pear yogurt. Pete will buy it if they have it. If they don't have it, he will look for a different flavour. Jen doesn't like any other flavour but she doesn't want to change the yogurt at all if it doesn't have pear.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance. They won't find each other inside as it will be too crowded.    - Eve and Charlie will be waiting for each other.  - Nicole and Eve will join each other there. 
Jenkin has been reading about animal spirits and wants to know what Sophie's spirit animal is. Sophie doesn't know a fox. Jenkin will bring Sophie a pack of cards with the spirit animals from which she was drawn and she will bring them over tomorrow.
Daisy will send Scarlett her RGS application right now. If she has any questions, she will let Daisy know.   Daisy wishes Scarlett good luck with hers and sends it to her right now, as she forgot to do it earlier and forgot to send it to Scarlett. 
Katie and Christie had fun at the party. They are both tired after the party, but they still had fun. Christie and Katie will go out together next time, as they are both going to meet up with each other later on.    
Sam and Carla will meet in the afternoon at Meanwood cafe. Carla doesn't have to work tomorrow as it's her day off. Sam is looking forward to the meeting with Carla. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the cafe.
Lily wants to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them. They will screen "Love Actually" at the party, as Lily and Daniel want to cheer up the office with a Christmas movie.
Louis wants to buy something for Lilly and Stephen for the wedding, but he doesn't know what to buy. Sara suggests they should have a list somewhere so that everyone can check what they need. Louis is sceptical about this idea, as he has no idea himself.
Chris tried jogging today for the first time in a while. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Chris doesn't understand how he can run better when he eats less than 1/3 of what he should. Matt's first performance after a long break in football was spectacular, but the next ones were horrible.
Dan and Eric watched Punisher season 2. Eric thinks the second season did some things better than the first one. Netflix discontinued Daredevil series, which is a shame for Eric and Dan, because they are as blind as Matt Murdock and without the radar. 
Hilary and Geri will go shopping for shoes together tomorrow. They will get some frozen yogurt at the mall afterwards. Geri needs to buy some new shoes. She will be in touch with Hilary to let her know if they can go shopping together.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There will be a formal dress code and the usual cost savings, lean office, lack of salary reviews will be announced. The management visits never result in anything positive.
Joana and Sandy will play Dixit or Carcassonne. Joana will bring the games to Sandy's place and she will bring them to play with her and Joana. She will bring dixit and carcassonne for Sandy. 
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to a concert in Barcelona on Saturday. They will meet at 8th Avenue bar on the way to the concert. Jenny is looking for a place to have a drink before the concert, as she doesn't know anything affordable nearby.
John and Matt are going to have a practice today. They will see each other at the practice.    .   Matt and John are seeing each other there today at 10:30. They are both going to meet with their friends there. 
George and Blake are on their way to meet up with Blake and their friends. George is coming soon.    Blake is happy for him and congratulates him on his good news. He is looking forward to seeing his friends, including Blake and George. 
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening. Steve and Rob will tell each other later what they think about the album. They will see each other soon.       .  
Martin bought two milk yesterday. He will buy two more in a couple of hours as he has to finish the project. Alex is craving milk lately and wants Martin to buy some for her. Martin is happy to do it as he loves Alex very much. 
Hansel's sister is mad at him. Jeremih wants Hansel to tell her to text him back. Hansel will do that next time, but he won't interfere in Jeremie's issues with his sister's relationship with her.  
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop. Peter will look at it and ask questions if he wants to visit it.  The shop is located at: https://www.jurysbeautyshop.com/.    .   i
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends at his place. Emma went to the seaside, visited a bunch of clubs and ended up on the beach for midnight. She has a cold now because of the cold she got from the cold beer jacket. 
Andy is working late until 4. Andy and Sue will meet at 8, Andy has to be there by 8, Sue will be at home by 4, Andy will be home by 8. Andy will pick up Sue at 4.    sue will be there at 8.
Shari and Stewart don't like the way the current president is behaving. They want to vote him out, but it's not for a while. Stewart and Shari will volunteer to get out the voters to vote for a better candidate. Stewart will let them know.
Lydia added him on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. He is engaged. Lydia and Camila work in the same company. Lydia wants to talk to him, but she doesn't want it to be awkward. Camila advises her not to do it.
Daria got a new job at a law firm. Kelsey congratulates Daria on her success. Daria and Kelsey are congratulating each other on her new job.   .    For more information, visit Daria's official Facebook page.
Sarah is too low on the totem pole to get a PTO request this week. Boris will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will get Monday through Wednesday off the following week. She will come to Boris's assistant to amend the request.
Blair and Chuck are meeting with the wedding planner at Nonna Rita's after work. Chuck wants to order seafood tagliatelle. Blair and Chuck both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane and want to avoid that.
Alan sent Ruth an email with an attachment. Ruth didn't have trouble opening the attachment, so Alan is sending her another one right now. If she can't open it, she should let Alan know. Ruth has not replied to Alan's email yet. 
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour. Payne will join them in 15 minutes and he will be waiting for them at the counter. He will buy a coffee for himself and Oscar as a thank you. 
Frank and Hope love each other. Frank and Hope hope that their relationship will last long-term. Hope and Frank are in love with each other and hope that Frank will be the same way for Hope too.   - Frank's message to Hope: 
Gina painted a parrot yesterday. She sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted. She needs to send him a better quality PDF to see it in better quality. Luke thinks it looks fantastic. He can't believe Gina discovered her talent so late.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do the shopping together after work. They will have pasta with broccoli, ham, cheese and cream for dinner, Steve's favourite dish. Steve will leave work on time and will meet Tina in the parking lot.
Henrietta and Rudi are shocked by Donald Trump's interview. They wonder if he will say something that will get him kicked out of the White House and if there's a limit to what can be said about a congresswoman in such an interview. 
Luis and Cole are in the same room. Cole wants to talk to his roommate, but Luis is not going to do that until he hears it from Cole's side of the room. He doesn't want to be called an idiot in front of his roommate.
Daniel has passed his driving license exam. Kate congratulates him on his success. Daniel's father will be proud of him, Kate thinks. Kate's brother, Daniel's dad, will be happy for him as well. Daniel sends a photo of his car to Kate.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't be able to come to the individual meetings tomorrow. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons' office, room 104. If you are unable to attend, please let Andrew know as soon as possible and bring your plan to the next class.
Rosie is feeling better today, but not good. Tanya was worried that Rosie was not feeling well, because she was worried about Rosie's health. Rosie is doing better today.   - Tanya and Rosie are happy about that.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator to speak to her in French, because he needs to speak it to Veronica in French. She can't speak it, because she doesn't have a French accent.    - Ty needs to hire a translator. 
Emily is waiting to see her doctor with a nun and a blind crazy man. It feels spooky to Emily and Adam that they are waiting for her with a man and a nun at the doctor's waiting room. Emily thinks it's spooky as well.
Lisa, Mary and Sarah are going to give Aquarium to their son. Frank will help them transport it. Sarah will call Lisa and Mary later to let them know how it went. Lisa and Sarah can't wait to see the boy's face when he gets it.
Conor is out with his college friends. He will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC. He knows Mario is going to pay for the food himself, so he doesn't want him to buy it for him. He doesn't like it. 
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning. She collected a parcel for Ditty just before Christmas. Ditty will be home around 6 pm and will come over to collect the parcel. Hans is away in the afternoon.
Giorgio Higuain scored twice for Huddersfield against Chelsea. Damian is happy for the team. Jacob and Mason don't think it's going to be a turning point for their team, but they hope it will be a good omen.
Jay convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him and Joe to a concert in Kenya. Joe doesn't have the money to buy the tickets. Jay will lend him the money and he will refund him later. Joe will be the one doing the connections next time.
Robyn drank too much alcohol last night. Samantha suspects that Robyn took drugs. Robyn has never taken drugs and she's sorry for that. Samantha wants Robyn to feel better today. She doesn't want to offend Robyn, because it's important that she feels better.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam has been to a few countries, but he's never been to Egypt. Darcy thinks Aaron should be careful when he's in Egypt.  
Gino doesn't know whether to wear the white or the black shirt. Renee advises him to wear black trousers, black shoes and white shirt. Gino decides to wear blue trousers, white shirt and brown shoes. He should be pressed, neat, clean and smart.
James will pick Richard up at 6:15 and they will go to the meeting place together. Richard will be waiting for them.    - James is driving there. He will pick up Richard at 6.15. Richard is ready to go. 
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya who is playing a mouse in a school play. Ella can't open the photo. Caleb will send it via email to Ella via e-mail so she can see it for herself.  He likes Maya's costume.
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives at the meeting so everyone knows he was there. Marco will do it. It's a reminder for Javier and Javier's friend, Marco, to do the same thing when they arrive as well. 
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night. Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 and they will go to the cinema together. Michelle and Josh are very excited about the movie. Michelle will pick Josh up at 6:30. Michelle is already at the cinema.
Yaz and Tania are going to meet in a pub on Friday at 8ish. Sophie and her boyfriend are thinking of breaking up before Uni. Yaz needs to get good grades for her course at Exeter as she is moving to Manchester in 4 months.
Anna studies a lot. She thinks it makes no sense. Ignorance is a bliss. The only thing that makes her feel better is dark humour. Jerry and Anna agree that the less you know, the happier you are and try to look for positives.
Jacks made a few bucks on the Poker platform Bulls Eye. Robin is trying to learn the game. Jacks sends him a few links to some good sites to help him learn the strategy. Robin will take a look at the links he has sent him.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how Ulrich has been a great friend to him over the years. He is nervous about giving the speech, but Ralph assures him that Ulrich will know he put a lot of thought into it.
Edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. Lauren and Kate are stressed because their boss is coming with them. They are also going to an expo. Kate hates the expo stuff, but they have to pretend to be nice at the booth. 
Robert came to visit his old friends. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next. Gabriel didn't see Robert's message. Robert will be around at 3 pm.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house. Tom needs to return to the office. John won't let him go if he doesn't finish the project on time. Susan will see Tom at home.
Ethan, Noah, Leo and Archie are going to see solstafir on Wednesday 21.11. Noah might have to stay late at work, but he will let Ethan and Leo know if he can make it. He would like to see them.
Marleen is going to town in half an hour to buy a present for Rita. She will buy a yellow silk kerchief with yellow pattern for 39 at Kaiser's. Barry and Marleen decide to split the cost 50/50 on the gift between them.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas are going to meet for a beer in the evening. Lucas is free in the evenings. Johnatan and Darren want to go for a drink. Lucas will join them later on.    - Johnatan, Lucas and Darren. 
The cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday party is still not ready. Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra will decorate the decorations in the morning after kids go to grandma. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Laura didn't get any replies from Sarah and Rafael. Sarah is on an exotic island called Linate. Laura and Sarah are staying at the same hotel. Rafael was busy and didn't respond to Sarah's message, so she doesn't know where she is.
Adam is going to have an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and the rest of the students are nervous, but they believe in Adam and keep their fingers crossed. Adam and Dave are wishing each other good luck. Adam has never been so afraid of any exam.
Paul will be home later than he thought. Paul will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her what happened. Lena has her keys, so don't wait for Paul and get home on your own, he will be waiting for you when he gets home. 
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband very much. Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris when he was in Paris. It was very good, as he reports to Lena. Bob and Nigel also like him very much, according to Lena and Nigel. 
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison Park during Everton's match against Manchester United. Bradley, Jill and Julia send a video of the cat and the commentary to each other. They think it's the best entertainment Everton fans have had all season. 
Ewan graduated. Uncle Jayson congratulates him on his nephew's graduation. Ewan finds it funny and finds it a good joke.    - Jayson and Ewan find it funny too.  - Ewan's uncle finds it comical.
Daniel, Michael, Matt and Brian are going on a trip to Mostar and the mountains in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Daniel is mostly done with packing for the trip. Michael reminds Brian to pack his passport as they are going to enter Bosnia without an ID.
Ross and Chandler are going to karaoke tonight. Ross will sing George Michael. Chandler will record everything and he will share it with Ross. He will not judge Ross, because he is having fun. He is sure the girls will love it too. 
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon. Poppy doesn't like parties as they make her tired. Harry likes travelling for fun and sightseeing, whereas Poppy likes to go for a night out with a group of people, especially drunk people, who make her feel uncomfortable.
Brook wants Gyle to come home because something bad happened yesterday. Gyle is on his way and will come to see what Brook wants him to see. He will see what she wants him too. He needs to come and see it now.   
Regina, Kate and Milena had a presentation. 3 people came to listen to it, but they had a good feedback. Milena and Kate think it's better to have a small but interested audience than a random group of people who are not interested.
Sean will come over to Barbara's to bring the dog. Zac is on his way. Barbara will let him stay there overnight. He will stay with her and her husband, Zac, who's already at home.   He will bring his dog. 
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school is over. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle is working for his Uncle Kev at the building site. Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6. Kyle will get some vodka and cigarettes.
Dick and Frank are going to see the apt in building 32/3 that is for sale. Frank has a contractor that does everything, and he's dirt cheap. Dick will put 10% down as a down payment. Dick and Frank will meet in 30 minutes.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Steven and Mia will grab something to eat before the movie. They will meet at 8 o'clock at Mia's place to have Chinese food. Steven will pick up Mia at 8:30 pm. The movie will start at 9 PM.
Lilly wants to go out tonight but Marshall can't afford it. Lilly will come over to Marshall's and they will watch some Netflix. Marshall wouldn't let a woman pay for him, but Lilly is going to pay for herself tonight. He's low on money.
James is out of the team because of the annoying coach. James has already texted the coach. Tony thinks the coach is annoying at times, but he's good at his job. James doesn't give a damn, he doesn't want to be on the team.
Stu gave Priscilla's IT friend Alex the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD instead of on the disc that Stu had given him. Stu will tell Alex to buy the software online.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client, Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal. Helen will double check if they have any PR problems, because Rita needs to know if they are legit and have a good reputation.   . 
Phylis is baking a pie. Ginger will come over to Phylis's to get some sugar. She will be there in a moment. She needs some sugar desperately. She is going to get it right now. She'll be there soon. 
Robert and Anthony will meet for a beer around 9. Anthony will go with Andrew. In the evening Anthony is taking his lady for a date. Robert is with his kids now, so he can't join Anthony and Robert for the beer at that time. 
Jill is bored at work and needs to find a job. She's already watched everything on youtube. Nate will call her when he gets off work and will help her find something to watch on the internet, as he can't help Jill at work. 
Jake pulled his first TOTW this year. He's going to try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for his squads. He'll sell it and use the coins to buy someone that fits. Tom's pull luck sucks this year, so he doesn't need help.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. Victoria has a tablet with 2gb ram, but it's running windows 10. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop, so they need to borrow one from someone. She has a few ideas.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He got £20 from Cass. He likes Thomas the Tank Engine very much. He will always love him. Next time Cass should get him a football one as he's 11 now. He's so grown up.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance. Jane took a file with the xerox copies. Alex and Jane hope it will be useful. It's their last chance to get through to them. They hope they will be convinced after seeing their materials.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today. He had a bad day yesterday and it's carried over to today. Ellen is worried about him, but he'll be fine, he's just overwhelmed and burned out. He didn't mean to bring Ellen down. 
Deana got a card from Constantine. Deana found Adrian's sunglasses in the empty place above the radio in the very back of her car. Adrian can keep them if he wants them, as Deana doesn't have any more of her own sunglasses. 
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm at Alice's place, because Alice has her yoga class at 6:30 pm and she will be back home about 8 pm.
Kelly, Mickey, Ollie and Jessica are discussing the scariest place they've been to. Jessica tells them about Palermo in Italy and the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses. Most of the corpses were exhibited in their clothes, except for skulls and hands.
Spencer works 16 hours a week at a cafe and spends the rest of the week working on his illustrations. He gets around £1000 of work a month before commission and tax. Maria works in a call centre and wants to go part time next year.
Tim invites a few people from work over for a gaming evening. Joe, who ran the local gaming club, gives him some tips on what games to bring and what theme to choose. Tim will start playing co-op games and then roll out the big guns.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December. They will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow to start planning the project. Holy is out of town, but he will do some research tonight and send it back to Richard and Anne. He will be back on Monday.
Gurdun is feeling a little bit better after the flu. He will probably be back at the uni on Wednesday. Russ had the flu three months ago. His team won the last match. Russ and Gurdun will catch up later.  
Leo sends a video to Charlie and Oliver. Leo's favourite part is at 3:24. Charlie doesn't like the part at 5:24, because it's too much for him. Leo and Oliver find it funny, but Charlie has mixed feelings.
Mummy and Thessalia wish God's blessing and a happy celebration of Christmas. They are joining in prayer with Mummy and Mike and their hearts are celebrating Christmas with them. They ask God to help them and pray for peace and joy for all. 
Samara doesn't have anything new to tell JP. Samara wants to play games with JP, but he has to go to work, so he doesn't want to play with her. They will see each other later.    - Samara.
Michael can't leave the office before 8 pm today. He will call Tom tomorrow to let him know he can't make it today. Tom will be happy to pick up Michael up from the office tomorrow. Michael will call him back tomorrow.    
Kevin will buy a sandwich on Dan's request on his way to work, as he's going to get something to eat on his lunch break. Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich.       - Dan is happy about it.  - Kevin is happy to do it.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the immigration policy of the EU. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. Simon and Charlie hope that internal conflict will not tear the country apart. Christmas in Poland will be the best Christmas in Europe.
Tilly had to go to school for a detention. She will be home in 40 minutes. Sam is going back to his house. Tilly will call Sam when she gets back home. Sam and Tilly are going to see each other soon.  
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ at Mell's place on Saturday. Mell's kids are out of the house and she misses them. Gloria's daughter moved to Scotland. Mell will do the food and get the drinks and Gloria will get the dessert.
Whitney wants to take Hailey to I-max cinemas the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them. Hailey will be available the day of the release and will make time to go with Whitney and Shadrack. 
Jacob got a punchbag and Jenny got training shoes for Christmas. George got a cooking pot from his wife Jenny. Jacob and Jenny think it's sexy when a guy can cook well. Jenny wishes her husband Michael was a better cook than George.   
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy and install a new one. Hudson will try to replace it with a new hinge and let him know if it works. He is not mad at Lincoln. The hinge costs pennies and is not very expensive.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11, so it will be less problematic for her than if she didn't finish at 11. Katherine will have to ask dad about it later.  She will get back to Kayla later.
Lorena got a new desk and it comes with assembly instructions. Lorena is illiterate when it comes to instructions, so she could really use some help. Martin can't help her today, but he can help her tomorrow. Martin and Lorena have known each other for so long it's almost like they're siblings.
Everett will give Ralph Amy's phone number to Ralph. Everett introduced Ralph to Amy at the pub last week. Ralph is tall, brown hair, weird laugh and has a weird sense of humor. Amy will give him her phone number as a favour. 
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane are going to chill at home. Ross' career depends on it. Diane doesn't want to disturb Ross' work. Diane wants to do something to prepare for tomorrow. Ross wants to start again.
Sex is for married people only. It's a sin if it's anything but missionary style. The only purpose for sex is to make babies. Sex is only for procreation and not to be enjoyed. Ed doesn't even look in the direction of another man.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot. Cristina is free on Wednesday and Friday next week, but Gaya needs to check her schedule, so they'll meet at her studio then.   
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw, Poland next July. The cheapest tickets start from pln 250. Matt, Tony and Phil are interested in going with Bon Jovi. The sooner they get the tickets, the better as they may be sold out soon.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally between everyone. Ashley didn't have any food, but it looked delicious. Eric cooked his own chicken and asparagus. Gerardo removed them from the transaction. Sara didn't eat, so there are no leftovers for her.
Camila and Harper are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight. They will buy a bottle of wine, a take-away and stay in for the evening. Harper will order a meal from the restaurant about which they talked last time. Camila hasn't eaten anything for the whole day.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Half of the guests are already here. Michael and Vanessa are still on their way. Peter is stuck in a traffic jam. There was a serious accident. May, Michael, Vanessa and Peter are waiting for Harry.
Callan's Samsung S8 has a black screen. It overheats and takes a while for it to restart again. Callan is going to the store and let them see it as it's still under warranty. He will back up his files before he uses it.
Jake is in London. Mike is in New York. Mike and Jake are very happy for each other. Mike sent Jake a photo of himself and Jake a message congratulating him on being in London and Jake is happy to hear it.     
Andrea can't come to work today, because she needs to take her sick son to the doctor. Patrick will take care of him for the next couple of days, so that Andrea doesn't have to go to work as well. He hopes Andrea's son gets better soon.
Phil is in a huge queue in a shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie. She has everything she needs for the pie, so it will be in the oven when Phil arrives. She will be waiting for him.
Bryan has asked his manager to send the payment to Piper tonight. Piper will be waiting for the payment. The client liked Piper's work. Piper hopes to work with Bryan for a long time.       - Bryan's manager will send it tonight. 
Clay and Richie are excited about Pogba's strike. They hope his form will continue this season. Jose has his trust in Pogba and he deserved to score after his first 60 minutes, as Richie and Clay think he is more mature than last season.
Sybille has trouble with her son's online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th. He couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. He has to sleep in the airport as he has no ticket. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines, so Sybille's payment can't be accepted. Air France will send her a new ticket for her son.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara are going to book a flight today. It's getting more expensive, so they want to book it before it gets more expensive. They're going to go to the airport at 8:30 am today.  - Natalia.
Slade will come to the practice now. He will bring the ball as well, as there is no ball at the practice, so Slade doesn't have it there.  He will join Hans and the other players soon. He is coming now. 
Darla, Treena, Olive, Zula and Holt are discussing what to get Holt's 21-year-old sister for her birthday. They agree that she should get a set of DVDs and some cosmetics, as well as a book or DVD series.
Georgia wants to buy a new outfit for parties. Roxana and Summer think she looks great in it. Georgia likes it too, but she doesn't know where she will wear it yet. She will ask Summer and Roxana if she can wear it to a party.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow. Aaron wants to go on holiday already, but Miley wants to stay at home and sleep. Aaron is not satisfied with Miley's attitude, but encourages her to stay in bed and have some rest.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay at Nina's place for two nights longer. Nina will pick him up from work and he will spend two days at work and then go back to the city. Greg and Nina are in touch.
Amal and Amir saw what Beyonce tweeted and they think she's great.   - Amir and Amal think Beyonce's tweets are wonderful and amal thinks Beyonce is great too.  - Amal, Amir and Beyonce agree. 
Alexa hasn't seen the last episode of America's Got Talent. Alec sends Alexa a link to watch it. Alexa likes it. Alec thinks she's very good and might win the edition. Alexa would be glad if she wins. Alec also thinks she is the best.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money from John. John sent the money to the wrong account. John will go to the bank tomorrow and ask if they can re-send it to the right account. Kelly's account number is 44-1279 and John sent it to another account.
James is going to work, so he can't watch the game with Hannah as he has to go to work. He will watch it with Hannah later as he's going to meet with her at work.    - Hannah is happy about that. 
Lilian is at Helen's place because her phone battery died. Her mother has been calling Kevin all day asking where she is. She called them and told them she was at Helen’s place. Kevin is happy to hear it.    
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Simon can't find time in the coming week to practice. Freddy will send him three backing tracks for the things he likes to sing. Simon will play guitar as a backing track for one or two of the tracks.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. Tommy liked the weekend. Wayne will send Tommy the pictures of his kids on their way back home. They will meet in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias's place for a beer after work at Trevor's request. They are going to have a drink together at Tobias' place after work and then go back to Trevor's place afterwards.     
Israel hasn't had the time to sew anything yet. Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. There will be some photos on the site soon so that Israel can see the whole dress. Israel can't wait to see it.
Frances is back from the Vosges. She had a great week there and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local. Henny and Frances wish each other a good New Year's Eve and wish Henny the best in 2019.
Paula can't get past level 637 no matter what she does in the game. Stewart suggests looking up the cheats online and Paula finds them helpful. She doesn't understand why they make the game with so many hard levels, but Stewart hates them.
There's an ad coming up to be a computer investigator and you can earn almost 80 thou. Bethany can't imagine talking to stupid users all day. Calum and Bethany find it hard to find a job in such a specialized field.   
Jackie's sister called him to tell him she got pregnant. Jackie is worried about her as she doesn't earn enough money for her children. Jackie's sister was supposed to have a baby 2 years later. Jackie feels lucky that she didn't get married yet.
Sean, Mike, Joseph and Joseph are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Mike and the others make notes, but they are not going to share them with Sean. Sean doesn't want to go as he likes to sleep more and he can't get up so early.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate the usual breakfast of cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. She will get Joanna a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves in ten minutes to try to ease the pain. If it doesn't get better, they will go to see a doctor.
Dolph reminds Ziggler to bring his passport tomorrow. He'll bring it, as well as his partner, Dolph's girlfriend, Sasha Favourite, who will do the same. Ziggling will also bring his partner's passport.  
Kate and Jeff are in the little room next to the reception. A woman is making a cake with a huge penis with balls and chocolate hair in the small room under the stairs. Sam wants to see it, so he goes downstairs to see her. Kate started laughing when she saw it.
Kirsten and Larry are going to meet with Jamie and John to discuss the vote on insurance. They will ask them for their opinion on the matter. Larry and Kirsten want to see a menorah in the lobby next year, so they will see if Sara has an extra one.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants Chloe to take the dog for a walk when she gets home, but Chloe doesn't know when she's going to be home. Chloe will come home and let the dog out. She will see Megan afterwards.
Natalie's wallet is in her room. Tobias found it. Jenny is not home, so she doesn't know if it's in the room, but Tobias confirms it's there. Natalie is relieved to have her wallet back. She sends a photo to Tobias.
Phil is on his way from one client to another and Rob is looking for him. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person, but Phil is out of town. Phil will be in Rob's office first thing tomorrow morning and will see Rob in person. 
Martin is going to tell Nicole that he's asexual. He doesn't want to break up with her, but he wants her to be happy. Nicole will be busy at work, a lot of people at her work quit recently, so she can't meet up with Martin.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction, but he doesn't know what it could be. He sends Emma a photo of his unusual condition. She thinks it's probably an allergy, but she doesn't have any idea what it might be. She's worried about him.
David wants to get a new tattoo, but he doesn't know what to get. Mike wants to go get one with him and suggests scull and rose tattoo on his back, but David wants to add something more personal to the tattoo to make it more personal.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and chocolate for William's spaghetti. Beth will get some chocolate for after the dinner as well. William is making spaghetti and wants Olivia and Beth to buy some tomatoes for it. Beth is on board with the idea. 
Road from the swimming pool to Waitrose is blocked off. Karen got stuck after yoga. Peter has to finish the presentation for the repairs team tomorrow at 6. Joe was going to finish it, but Eileen wanted Peter to do it. Peter is almost done.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. Matt needs it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service and doesn't watch anything when at home. Nick will let Matt know when he remembers what connection he has and when he can access it. 
Baron, Gavin and Gabriel are going to sign up for a match next week. Gabriel's tutor wanted to join them, so Baron sends him a link to the calendar. They are also going to add people from their group to the match.   
Karine, Mia, Peter and Jennifer are critical of Donald Trump. They think he's not as senile and stupid as he seems. They want to win the next election and change the world's order, but they don't know what to do about it.
Madison and Adam are going to Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. Children under 12 are 50% off and children under the age of 12 get half off the price of the tickets for children under 12. Jordan likes the offer.
Facebook is constantly suggesting Patrick. Tina wants to meet with Patrick. Demi wants to organize a workshop on how to transfer from hating men to having sex with them. Tina only likes one type of man. Tina and Demi want to rent a flat together.
Winnie's Nanna has broken her leg, so Freddie will have to visit her instead. Mummy and Daddy will come when they can. Winnie will tell mummy to call her when Nanna is feeling better. Freddie and Winnie love each other.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see "Batman New Beginning" this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them all and he will pay for the tickets himself. Clint, Phil and Mark are very happy about it. Phil will buy the tickets.
There is mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. Andy thinks it is caused by condensation. He will install a fan system to circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air. Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren has locked the door. Gina is waiting for him at home. He will open the door for her when he hears her coming in. He has already done it, as Gina reports to him.    .   "Good, thanks Warren". 
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures and he will be a host. Claire will go to Jo's workshop on teamwork. Aaron took a mindfullness workshop in Berlin last year and it was amazing.
Rob wants to sell his flat as it's too small for him and his wife to have a baby. He moved in a year ago and offers Kate a discount. Rob is seeing a friend who's relocating to another city tomorrow and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come. Allison and Evan are going to meet at the function on Evan's request. Evan and Allison are excited about it. Allison is going to join them. 
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She will be in San Fransisco from 1-5 September. Charlie wants to meet her again. He will take a train to Florence and they will go to see the city together.
Adele is still listening to the song that Kode recommended to her. Kode has it in his music library for 3 years. He will give Adele the whole Album in USB when he comes to her home. Adele is waiting for Kode.
Leah told Maddie that Ian dumped Claire years ago. Ian and Claire met for the first time about 1,5 years ago, but he doesn't know her. Maddie will ask Leah about Claire next time. Ian is sorry about the confusion. 
Violet is going on vacation and is looking for a good waxing salon in the neighbourhood. She has ingrown hairs on her legs and is afraid to get Brazilian waxing. Paisley recommends leg waxing or sugaring and advises her to shave with the grain.
Linda will follow Suzy on Instagram to get her nice pictures.   She will be happy to receive the message. She doesn't need to do it, but Suzy wants her to be sure to follow her. She does not need to. 
There is a trade deadline today. Rick wants John to get Lamar Jackson. John would like to get him, but he doesn't want to lose a player. John might have a way to drop the QB rule completely next year. Sean and Rick will talk about it after the season.
Amelia's mum was on a diet and she gained 5 pounds. Lisa sends Victoria and Amelia a link to a diet. They are both interested in it and find it interesting. Lisa is glad that she asked them about it and they have heard of it.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week. Gina loved Eddie Redmayne as Newt. Alex wants to see it this weekend with Lane, but she's seen some bad reviews. Alex will go and see it sooner so they can talk about it.
Emily's favourite colour is blue. Amelia can't tell Emily anything more than that. Emily is very curious and wants to know more about it. Amelia is not able to tell her anything more at the moment. She doesn't want to lie to Emily. 
Mary lives in Southampton now. She moved there from New York in December. Jenny and Louis don't know where Mary is living now. Maria informs them that she's living in Southampton. Louis confirms that she moved there in December, as well as Maria. 
He got fired 2 days ago and thrown out of school. Shanon, Victor, Oliver and Sid are happy that he's no longer their teacher. He's had it and lost it, or maybe he had one too many drinks and he got fired. 
Alex likes the flash better than Batman because he can do almost anything. Pedro doesn't get how powerful Batman can be. Alex thinks that the speed of the flash opens up the whole multiverse for Batman, which is why he likes it so much.  
Marek sent Adam a picture of an ass he found in the shopping mall on the escalator. Adam thinks it's creepy that Marek took the picture on his own. Marek is gay and doesn't want to share his ass with Adam. 
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark won't go to the river bank parties tonight. They will have drinks at Mark's place instead. Daniel's sister Hannah is visiting. Mark hasn't seen her for 14 years and he finds her very attractive. 
Bart bombed his economy final and got a bad score. He didn't study as much as he should have. Adrian didn't do that bad this semester. He got a reasonable grade. Bart plans to re-take the class next year unless he keeps screwing up.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet, so she doesn't have anything to share with Don and Margot. She will buy something for Nancy later, maybe a new book or something to read.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party. Elliot had a great time. Amelia thanks them for coming to the party and wishes they could have been there too. Lindsay is glad Finlay had a good time, as well as Elliot.  
Jennifer and Reece are going to watch Mad Max on Netflix tomorrow evening. Jack and Reese have already seen it and like it, so they want to watch it again with Jennifer and Rebecce.    .   - Jennifer, Reece and Jack are excited. 
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise. He only found out about it recently. Tiffany wonders if he's really a turtle or a wasp, because if he was, she would be a wasps. She suggests that maybe he's just haunted. 
Susie gave birth to a baby girl. Henry is happy for Mary and happy for Susie. Mary sends a photo of the baby to Henry. Henry congratulates Mary on the baby's birth. Mary is happy to be back and happy to have Susie back.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up from the vet's later. She will pop home and fetch the cage after work. She should be there at 5ish. Greg will see Patti at home soon.   He has been worrying about her all day.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple for George and a tangerine for herself. The tangerines are coming next week, so Kate and George will have to wait until then for the fruit they want to buy for school. 
Sam wants to buy a pair of earphones for £187, but Lia won't lower the price to £180 due to company policy. The product can only be collected in Garstang, but Sam can have them delivered to him through courier for £4.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary are going to wear red dresses and bright red lipstick for the event. Kelly should put on the red dress. Mary will wear a red dress and bright, red lipstick. Kelly is not happy with Mary's choice of outfit. 
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag on Friday. She needs it for Monica's wedding. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow and bring it with her to Kate's work tomorrow. She is always willing to lend something to her sister. 
Monica has a free USB in her office. Gina will come up to her office to use it. Monica's office is on the 2nd floor, room 112, and her office is located in the building's second floor, on the corner of room 112.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He doesn't want to keep it in the hallway as it's hard to walk around with all these bikes striped to the handrails. Nathan also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker likes the DC Universe better than Marvel Universe. Jason downloaded the latest episode of "Arrowverse" season 7. He will text Parker when it's finished downloading. He reminds Parker to bring a USB with him when he comes to his place. 
Michael is travelling a lot. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile and is going to Boston next weekend. Michael is tired of his job and wants to leave London and look for a new one abroad. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm. Carol doesn't want to eat the fruit, but Jacob wants to make preserves with it. Jacob is busy and doesn't have time to do everything, so he doesn't understand Carol's argument.
Molly and Luca are having a silly season. Molly can't think and it's driving her nuts. Luca reminds her not to let it get her down and to hang in there.   She is trying to be more modest but it's hard.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen and she doesn't know how to tell her mom about it. Mom is very happy to hear from Janette and wants to know what's new. Janette doesn't have any idea what to tell Mom.  
Madison needs Lawrence to write an article for her by today. Lawrence is not finished with the article yet, but he will be in a few minutes. He will get back to Madison once he is done with it. He needs the piece to be ready today.
Julia and Ronald don't want to eat with their parents anymore. Ronald wants Julia to call him when she gets back from her weekend with her parents. He has something to tell her and he's sure she's going to piss rainbows when she does.
Guido has trouble understanding Agata's posts on Facebook because he doesn't know anything about Java. Agata has been coding for a month and she enjoys it. She doesn't talk to her husband in Chinese language because she speaks in the JavaScript language. 
Luz and Alejandro are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. It took them 3 months to arrange the meeting. Alejandro will pick Luz up on 20th December at 4 PM. Luz has told her mum about it. 
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19. It's very different from the one in FIFA 18. There are a lot of differences between the two modes. For example, there's a new champions league. Sam calls it CHAMPIONS LEAGUE BABY.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian because he's starving. Ethan wishes Damian wasn't such a parasite and wants him to cook something for him. Damian will change his mind, in honour of scout's honour, and he will cook for Ethan.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he'll be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since Adam's last visit. He doesn't want anything special for dinner, he's fine with anything Hannah will prepare for him. 
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make some soup. Matthew is going to rest now and sleep. Lisa and Matthew are going to say good night to each other as Matthew is hitting the hay now.    .  
Kyle can't take Joyce's car because he has to go to a mechanic. Joyce is going to get Harry by bus. Kyle will get Harry on his way as he's already running late.   He will get him on the way as the car is making a weird noise.
Bailey's closet got too small and now the fabric's creeping onto the shelves. Bailey has already bought 4 boxes of fabric. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea. Bailey is the master level, so it's a completely different story for her.
Susan spent a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They spent most of the time walking along the seaside. Toby proposed to Susan and she said yes. Melissa is happy for Susan and happy for Toby. 
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva will be leaving in an hour to go home. Olivia will leave her with her for a day and drop her off tomorrow. She will make a bottle of milk for her grandchild.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait for him inside and will call him when he's on his way. Laura apologises for being 10 min late and promises to wait for Jack inside.   Laura will call Jack when she's on her way. 
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing women whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”. Michelle is not one of those fruit loop "feminists" who speak for her.
Zoe sends a video to Frank. Frank loves her and wishes her a good day. Zoe sends back a message of her love to Frank as a reply to his love for her and sends a link to the video she sent to him. Zoe and Frank love each other.
Josie doesn't like Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum". She would like to read one of his novels in the original, but she's not sure her level of Italian is adequate. She read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum.
Evan cancels his lesson with Dennis tomorrow because he has the flu. He's been off college since Tuesday. He should be fine for the next Thursday. Dennis will let him know in good time if Evan can't make it. He hopes Evan feels better soon.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park tonight at around 9 p.m. Camille will join her. Patrick and Camille want to go out too. They will go to a party later in the evening. Patrick will join them.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night and suddenly there was a commercial of different medical products. In the commercial they mentioned a name of an illness Bobby had never heard of. Bobby did some research and found out that such a thing does not exist. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 billion today.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics. Greg's notes are not better than Dave's, because Dave's notes don't exist. Greg is grateful to know such a smartass as Dave. Greg and Dave enjoy each other's jokes and jokes about notes. 
Sally doesn't want to go out with Mark, because she's not feeling well. Mark offers to pick her up if she changes her mind. Sally wants her character to be left out because she got all her spells and stuff. Mark promises not to kill her off.
Joy and Sandy are going to meet on Friday at 11am. Sandy is going for a run. Joy will wait for her. Lina found Joy's dresses nice, but she thinks they have too much cleavage. Joy's husband is not jealous. 
It's raining. Val and Candy are going to wait half an hour and see if the rain stops. Candy will call Val then to let him know if they can go now.    - it's going to be wet, so they will wait.
Ted kept the plasters until this morning after his shower. Aude thinks Ted looks sexy with plasters. Susie has a memory from Poland where plasters are used as a precautionary measure.    - Susie's friend Aude. 
Kyle needs to talk to Lily and Mary in 10 minutes. They will talk on Facetime. Lily will call Kyle when she has a minute to spare, Mary will call him back in 10 minutest. Kyle needs to tell Lily something very important. 
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. His parents are away. 10 people have already confirmed to come. Harry is very interested in coming. Taylor reckons he wouldn't miss the party of the year if he didn't come. 
Sierra and Jeremy haven't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checking his bank account every hour. Sierra will lend Tomas some money if he needs it. Tomas hopes that the grant will arrive any minute. He is very worried about his financial situation.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. Charles will go for the sausage and beer. Camilla will have to try to get there this year as she hasn't been for ages. She will try the mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will check the website to see if she has to be a member of RGS to be eligible for the grant, but Zoe doesn't know if she needs to be. 
Ava is 158cm tall. Penguins' average height is 162cm when they stand up. Ava is shorter than penguins, which is a good thing for Colin because penguins are taller than Ava, who is 158 cm tall.   
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Bob, Jana and Vaughn are congratulating Ursula on her success. Vaughn got a 65 on the exam, but he didn't study for it, so at least he got a passing grade. 
There was an emergency at Peter's school today. Three engines and an ambulance came to the school. It turned out to be a drill. It's better this way than the other way, as it's a false alarm. Jack hopes it's nothing serious.
Perry, Marlow, Forster and Janet are going on holiday to Asia in July or August. Perry won cinema tickets. They will meet tonight at 8 pm over beer and talk. Forster wants to go to the mountains. Perry wants to visit Pa first.
Lee is confused as to why the client manager is wearing a suit and a suit jacket after work. Lee pre-ordered Reaper of Souls CE and got a pet for WoW, some decals for SC2 and a Demon Hunter for Heroes of the Storm.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside. He will tell Brian to take care of it. It looks like it's going to rain and Boris is not home at the moment, so he will ask Brian to do that. Maya is fine with that.
Barry, Jake and Dave are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon. Kelly is coming with Dave and will join Barry and Jake. Kelly and Barry's friend, Kelly's going to join them too. 
John and Laurel will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at around 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana. Diana's birthday is on Saturday, so they will go there to buy something for her then.    - John and Laurel are going to buy her a present. 
Rachel got a new siamese cat named Portia. She's allergic to cats. She takes medication for it. She doesn't want to get rid of the cat, but she's not fond of Portia's name, because she doesn't like it.
After the wedding, there will be an after party at Mark's house. Bart and Matthew are going. Kristina has been to one of these parties and she liked it very much. It was full of leftover food from the day before and a lot of liquor.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for their mother. It's not that expensive, but it's a perfect present for mum. They're going to get it for each other. They'll buy it for Diana and Russel at the same time.
Amy looks serious at all times. Owen and Neil haven't talked to her. Penny thinks they should meet her in person to find out if there is something wrong with her, because she doesn't seem to be herself.    - Owen, Neil and Penny agree. 
Rachel and Wai are going to meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. After that, they will go to some bar. Rachel is worried they won't like her, but Wai assures her they always welcome new people to their team. Rachel doesn't know what she's supposed to do yet.
Robert is not in town, so Tom can't talk to Jack. Jack calls Tom's a dick. Tom tells Jack to go f*** himself. Robert can't come to Tom's place either, because he's out of town. Robert is sorry. 
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and hopes all her dreams come true. They'll see each other at her party on Saturday. 
Derek doesn't understand the meme Jules sent him. Derek and Jules have a class tomorrow, but it's Friday after all, as Jules thought it was on Wednesday. Derek is not a good at memes, so he didn't understand it.
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis because she has a cold and she's sneezing every 2 seconds. Jane hopes Ainsley will get better soon and will be able to help her with the thesis.    - Jane. 
Felipe thinks Lydia's legs are amazing. Lydia doesn't consider that sexist or offensive. Lydia has been working hard at the gym and her legs are finally getting better after months of working out.    - Lydia's response to Felipe's compliment is "thank you".
Mick has never been to Erasmus before. Amka is doing a lot of student exchanges. Mick is going to a club with his friends for Halloween, Amka won't dress up. In Poland they don't celebrate Halloween. On November 1st they go to the cementary with their families.
Jessie and Karine saw a video of themselves and their children at kindergarten. They are very happy about it and share it with Karine and Jessie. It was filmed by Karine's sister, Karine, who sent it to Jessie.  
Cael's dress is not ready yet, but Mae hopes to have it soon. She hopes to be able to pick it up soon, as soon as Cael's not sure if it's ready yet. Cael doesn't know when Mae will get it.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad, who is 5 years younger than her. Wanda thinks Fiona should do something about it. Fiona doesn't know what her boss would say if she knew. Fiona wants Conrad to tell his mother and Fiona's boss.
The situation in Kongo is terrible. The world's attention is now focused on Kongo. Kongo's resources are crucial for the US, for China, for everybody. The elections were not done properly, according to Tim and John. The situation will not change any time soon.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December at 10:00 and 11:00. They might meet on 18th, but Evans might not be in town. If not, they will try to meet on 17th or 14th.
Bradley has a busy day at work and can't talk to Joanne right now. Joanne wants him to contact her as she needs to tell him something.    He will do that.  He has a lot to tell Joanne. 
Iris's husband is famous. Pete will be home in 1 hour. Iris's parents are happy that Pete has found a decent man. Pete is flattered by the attention he gets from Iris' husband. Iris sends Pete a photo of her husband. 
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. The expense involves a person who has left the group, so it can't be edited. Luke, Iris, Luke, Ken, Gerardo, Julia and Gerardo need to add her towards the car rental price. Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola is running late. She should be free by 8. Kurt will call her if she's still free at 8 o'clock. Ola will call Kurt back.    - Ola, Kurt and Ola are going to meet. 
Conny has to write a paper for next week. He did some research on the internet. Fitz suggests he goes to the library. Conny will go.   He might find it fun. He will write the paper as he has already done some research.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie when she had curly hair. Louis thinks that Melanie looks gorgeous with straight hair. Archie agrees with Louis that Melanie was hotter with cury hair, but he has the right to an opinion even if it's wrong.
Cindy and Carly are laughing at a girl who asked him to do something stupid. Carly talked to Cindy about it later and they both agree that she did it on her own free will. Carly is angry at her and so are Cindy and her friends.
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group this Friday at 7 p.m. Kirsten and Alex will meet up and then go bowling together. Alex will be on time.   He will see Kirsten on Friday after 7 pm at her place. 
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he doesn't talk to her at all. Cathy and Kate think he does. Sam will talk to him tomorrow and find out if he is interested in her. Cathy reckons he is because he looks at her when she doesn't see him.
Jess had a dream last night that she was a lion tamer. Charlie and Lynn don't believe that dreams can mean anything. Lynn believes that dreams reflect our subconsciousness. Charlie believes that when we see strangers in our dreams, we must have seen them somewhere before.
Charles has a problem with gluten intolerance. He feels bloated, bloated and he gain weight. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better. Monica stopped drinking coffee with milk and she feels better now. Charles had a basic blood test and everything is fine.
Ulysses got an A, Peter and Julia got a B and Martha got a C. Julia can check her grades on the course page, Martha can check them on the website, where the grades can be found online. The grades are available online. 
Andrew and Ralph don't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship in water. It made Andrew's mouth dry and now he needs to take a sip of water to keep his mouth from getting dry. It's the worst joke in the history of jokes.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It cost 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam. She was shocked to miss the train and to pay 80 euros for a return ticket. She is shocked to have to pay that. 
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses. They have reasonable prices and fast shipping. Martha will check them out. They don't know each other, but Martha would like to buy similar lenses.
Linda wants to buy flowers for mum, but she doesn't know which one she likes. Linda is on a flower market right now. Michael suggests tulips, roses, carnations and freesias. Linda will buy freesia flowers for her mum.
Tim is running late. He will be here in about 20 minutes. Gary will try and delay the main presentation as he is already on it. Gary and Tim will try to make small talk and wait for Tim to arrive.    Gary is on his way.
Marcus will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4 pm. Anna will call him and give him Leslie's number. Marcus has a meeting at 1 pm, so he can't pick Mark up at 3 pm, but he will pick him up at 4.
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. Merve didn't see her since the last semester. Joanna is her thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louisa will bring her a red velvet dress from her wardrobe, as she has plenty of clothes to wear, but she needs to look good.       - Louisa's wardrobe is full of clothes.
Joseph and Megan are going to the opera. Joseph will take his car, because he doesn't want to take a taxi and it's more convenient for him than taking a taxi to the theatre. He's happy with that decision. He likes it very much.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she has lost her key somewhere and Carl is impatiently waiting for her. Meg is still not with Carl, so he's angry with her. She's not coming to him yet.  
Kim and Ben are going to meet tonight for pizza and coke. Kim will give Ben a rain check as he is having a downtime and is looking for programmers on the internet. Kim and Ben will meet tonight at the pizza place they went to last time.
Stanley is alive and well. Everyone is posting about Stan Lee's death on social media right now because of the autocorrect message Jack sent to Oliver and Stanley via text message. Jack meant Stan Lee, not Stan Lee as he said in the message.
Maria is tired of her job and doesn't want to work anymore. Anastasia and Felix are trying to calm her down, but she refuses to change her mind. She is not happy with her current situation.    - Maria can't stand her job anymore.
Ryanair has cancelled 400,000 more flights affecting 399,999 passengers. Erin's plans to go to Egypt were cancelled. Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed for now. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Ava hopes Ryanair will send her a voucher.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but fine. Some jackass was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation. Jessica wants Rachel to give her aunt a hug. Rachel will give her a light hug. 
Monica got drunk at the office party two months ago and became really friendly with Ross. Monica is pregnant. Ross is happily married. Rachel and Michelle will keep each other posted on Monica's pregnancy news. Michelle will try to find out more details.  
Luke had a bad day surfing today. There were no waves, 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. Low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow. Mid tide is generally the best time to surf as you can see the rocks better. 
Benjamin didn't go to Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. Alex's team won the game 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next game next weekend, which is the weekend after next. Benjamin's mom has a nasty flu.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 PM on Antena 3, which is the same time as the show on which Jamilla is auditioning for a position on the show "Robot That" on the same station.
Marta accidentally sent Agnieszka and Weronika a gif by accident. It was a good thing Marta didn't send something from her gallery. She didn't want to share it with them at the time. She later apologized to them.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up for it. British media made some negative comments about it. A host from LBC tried to find an answer to an unanswerable question: "Who is James Charles?". James called him and introduced himself on air. 
Rachel has sent Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched almost all of them. She has watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice. Her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2, but it wasn't that bad. 
